[YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Reporting and enforcement](/youtube/topic/2803138?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Privacy and safety center](/youtube/topic/2803240?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Copyright and rights management](/youtube/topic/2676339?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)
    

*   [YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248)
*   [Hate speech policy](/youtube/answer/2801939)

Hate speech policy
==================

  
 

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. **T****ake the time to carefully read the policy below**. You can also check out [this page](/youtube/answer/9288567) for a full list of our guidelines.

**Note:** On June 5, 2019, we announced some changes to our hate speech policies. You can [learn more about those changes here](https://youtube.googleblog.com/2019/06/our-ongoing-work-to-tackle-hate.html). The below policy has been updated with those changes.

Hate speech is not allowed on YouTube. We don’t allow content that promotes violence or hatred against individuals or groups based on any of the following attributes, which indicate a protected group status under YouTube’s policy:

*   Age
*   Caste
*   Disability
*   Ethnicity
*   Gender Identity and Expression
*   Nationality
*   Race
*   Immigration Status
*   Religion
*   Sex/Gender
*   Sexual Orientation
*   Victims of a major violent event and their kin
*   Veteran Status

If you find content that violates this policy, report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines [are available here](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027). If you've found a few videos or comments that you would like to report, you can [report the channel](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027#report_channel).

What this policy means for you
------------------------------

#### If you're posting content

Don’t post content on YouTube if the purpose of that content is to do one or more of the following:

*   Encourage violence against individuals or groups based on their protected group status. We don’t allow threats on YouTube, and we treat implied calls for violence as real threats. You can learn more about our policies on [threats and harassment](/youtube/answer/2802268).
*   Incite hatred against individuals or groups based on their protected group status.

Other types of content that violates this policy
------------------------------------------------

*   Dehumanization of individuals or groups by calling them subhuman, comparing them to animals, insects, pests, disease, or any other non-human entity based on their protected group status.
*   Praise or glorification of violence against individuals or groups based on their protected group status.
*   Use of racial, religious, or other slurs and stereotypes that incite or promote hatred based on protected group status. This can take the form of speech, text, or imagery promoting these stereotypes or treating them as factual.
*   Claim that individuals or groups are physically or mentally inferior, deficient, or diseased based on their protected group status. This includes statements that one group is less than another, calling them less intelligent, less capable, or damaged. This also includes calls for the subjugation or domination over individuals or groups based on their protected group status.
*   Promotion of hateful supremacism by alleging the superiority of a group over those with protected group status to justify violence, discrimination, segregation, or exclusion. This includes content containing hateful supremacist propaganda, such as the recruitment of new members or requests for financial support for their ideology, and music videos promoting hateful supremacism in the lyrics, metadata, or imagery.
*   Conspiratorial claims that individuals or groups are evil, corrupt, or malicious based on their protected group status.
*   Denial or minimization of a well-documented, major violent event or the victimhood of such an event.
*   Attacks on individuals or groups based on their emotional, romantic, and/or sexual attraction to other people.

Educational, documentary, scientific, and artistic content
----------------------------------------------------------

We may allow content that includes hate speech if that content includes additional educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic context. Additional context may include condemning, refuting, including opposing views, or satirizing hate speech. This is not a pass to promote hate speech. Examples include:

*   **A documentary about a hate group:** Educational content that isn’t supporting the group or promoting ideas would be allowed. A documentary promoting violence or hatred wouldn’t be allowed.
*   **A documentary about the scientific study of humans:** A documentary about how theories have changed over time, even if it includes theories about the inferiority or superiority of specific groups, would be allowed because it’s educational. We won’t allow a documentary claiming there's scientific evidence today that an individual or group is inferior or subhuman.
*   Historical footage of an event, like WWII, which doesn't promote violence or hatred. 

This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, and any other YouTube product or feature. Please note these policies also apply to [external links](/youtube/answer/9054257) in your content. This can include clickable URLs, verbally directing users to other sites in video, as well as other forms. 

For educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic content that includes hate speech, this context must appear in the images or audio of the video itself. Providing it in the title or description is insufficient.

Monetization and other penalties 
---------------------------------

In some rare cases, we may remove content or issue other penalties when a creator:

*   Repeatedly encourages abusive audience behavior.
*   Repeatedly targets, insults, and abuses a group based on protected group status across multiple uploads.
*   Exposes a group with protected group status to risks of physical harm based on the local social or political context.
*   Creates content that harms the YouTube ecosystem by persistently inciting hostility against a group with protected group status for personal financial gain.

Examples
--------

Here are examples of hate speech not allowed on YouTube.

*   “I’m glad this \[violent event\] happened. They got what they deserved \[referring to people with protected group status\].”
*   “\[People with protected group status\] are dogs” or “\[people with protected group status\] are like animals.”

More examples
-------------

*   “Get out there and punch a \[person with protected group status\].”
*   “Everyone in \[groups with protected group status\] are criminals and thugs.”
*   “\[Person with protected group status\] is scum of the earth.”
*   “\[People with protected group status\] are a disease.”
*   “\[People with protected group status\] are less intelligent than us because their brains are smaller.”
*   “\[Group with protected group status\] threaten our existence, so we should drive them out at every chance we get.”
*   “\[Group with protected group status\] have an agenda to run the world and get rid of us.”
*   “\[Protected group status\] is just a form of mental illness that needs to be cured.”
*   “\[Person with protected group status\] shouldn't be educated in schools because they shouldn't be educated at all.”
*   “All of the so-called victims of this violent event are actors. No one was hurt, and this is just a false flag.”
*   “People died in the event, but a truly insignificant number.”
*   Shouting “\[people with protected group status\] are pests!” at someone regardless of whether the person does or does not have the alleged protected group status. 
*   Video game content which has been developed or modified (“modded”) to promote violence or hatred against a group with any of the attributes noted above.

Please remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

What happens if content violates this policy
--------------------------------------------

If your content violates this policy, we will remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If we can’t verify that a link you post is safe, we may remove the link. Note that violative URLs posted within the video itself or in the video’s metadata may result in the video being removed.

If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you'll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. You will have the chance to take a policy training to allow the warning to expire after 90 days. However, if the same policy is violated within that 90 day window, the warning will not expire and your channel will be given a strike. If you violate a different policy after completing the training, you will get another warning.

If you get 3 strikes within 90 days, your channel will be terminated. [Learn more about our strikes system](/youtube/answer/2802032).

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. We may prevent repeat offenders from taking policy trainings in the future. [Learn more about channel or account terminations](/youtube/answer/2802168).

If we think your content comes close to hate speech, we may limit YouTube features available for that content. You can learn more about [limited features here](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/7458465).

*   [The importance of context](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6345162)
*   [Recent transparency report](https://transparencyreport.google.com/youtube-policy/removals)
*   [Limited features for certain videos](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/7458465)

Was this helpful?