{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 \fmodern Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Installation guide\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Requirements for both MacOS and Windows:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b Python}: Ensure that Python is installed on the system. You can download it from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.python.org/downloads/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
python.org
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b Pandas}: Install the Pandas library for data manipulation. {\f1 pip install pandas}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\b Selenium}: Install the Selenium library for web automation. {\f1 pip install selenium}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab {\b BeautifulSoup4}: Although not used in your script, it\u8217's good to have for any future HTML parsing. {\f1 pip install beautifulsoup4}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 5.\tx360\tab {\b Chrome WebDriver}: Download the Chrome WebDriver that matches the version of Chrome installed on your system. You can download it from ChromeDriver - WebDriver for Chrome. Ensure that the {\f1 chromedriver} executable is in your system\u8217's PATH or specify its location in the script.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Additional Steps for MacOS:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b Install Homebrew} (if not already installed): {\f1 /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b Install Chrome} (if not already installed): {\f1 brew install --cask google-chrome}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab {\b Install ChromeDriver}: {\f1 brew install chromedriver}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Additional Steps for Windows:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab {\b Download and Install Chrome} (if not already installed) from Google Chrome.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab {\b Download ChromeDriver}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Download the ChromeDriver from ChromeDriver - WebDriver for Chrome.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Unzip the downloaded file and place the {\f1 chromedriver.exe} in a known directory.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Add the directory containing {\f1 chromedriver.exe} to your system\u8217's PATH environment variable.\sa180\sa180\par}
}
