**Violence and Threats**

Safety is Facebook's top priority. We remove content and may escalate to law

enforcement when we perceive a genuine risk of physical harm, or a direct threat

to public safety. You may not credibly threaten others, or organize acts of real-

world violence. Organizations with a record of terrorist or violent criminal activity

are not allowed to maintain a presence on our site. We also prohibit promoting,

planning or celebrating any of your actions if they have, or could, result in financial

harm to others, including theft and vandalism.

**Self-Harm**

Facebook takes threats of self-harm very seriously. We remove any promotion or

encouragement of self-mutilation, eating disorders or hard drug abuse. We also

work with suicide prevention agencies around the world to provide assistance for

people in distress.

**Bullying and Harassment**

Facebook does not tolerate bullying or harassment. We allow users to speak freely

on matters and people of public interest, but take action on all reports of abusive

behavior directed at private individuals. Repeatedly targeting other users with

unwanted friend requests or messages is a form of harassment.

**Hate Speech**

Facebook does not permit hate speech, but distinguishes between serious and

humorous speech. While we encourage you to challenge ideas, institutions,

events, and practices, we do not permit individuals or groups to attack others

based on their race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, gender, sexual

orientation, disability or medical condition.

**Graphic Content**

Facebook has long been a place where people turn to share their experiences and

raise awareness about issues important to them. Sometimes, those experiences

and issues involve graphic content that is of public interest or concern, such as

human rights abuses or acts of terrorism. In many instances, when people share

this type of content, it is to condemn it. However, graphic images shared for

sadistic effect or to celebrate or glorify violence have no place on our site. 

When people share any content, we expect that they will share in a responsible

manner. That includes choosing carefully the audience for the content. For graphic

videos, people should warn their audience about the nature of the content in the

video so that their audience can make an informed choice about whether to watch

it.

**Nudity**

Facebook has a strict policy against the sharing of pornographic content and any

explicitly sexual content where a minor is involved. We also impose limitations on

the display of nudity. We aspire to respect people’s right to share content of

personal importance, whether those are photos of a sculpture like Michelangelo's

David or family photos of a child breastfeeding.

Facebook Community Standards

Facebook gives people around the world the power to publish their own stories, see the world through the eyes of many

other people, and connect and share wherever they go. The conversation that happens on Facebook – and the opinions

expressed here – mirror the diversity of the people using Facebook. 

To balance the needs and interests of a global population, Facebook protects expression that meets the community

standards outlined on this page. 

Please review these standards. They will help you understand what type of expression is acceptable, and what type of

content may be reported and removed.

Email or Phone

Password

**Log In**

Forgot your password?

Keep me logged in

**Sign Up**

**Identity and Privacy**

On Facebook people connect using their real names and identities. We ask that you

refrain from publishing the personal information of others without their consent.

Claiming to be another person, creating a false presence for an organization, or

creating multiple accounts undermines community and violates Facebook's terms.

**Intellectual Property**

Before sharing content on Facebook, please be sure you have the right to do so.

We ask that you respect copyrights, trademarks, and other legal rights.

**Regulated Goods**

It is not permitted to complete transactions involving regulated goods on our

platform. If you post an offer involving firearms, alcohol, tobacco, or adult

products, we expect you to make sure you’re following all applicable laws and

consider carefully the audience for that content. If you are using a Page to

connect with your customers and other audiences, you need to abide by our Pages

Terms.

**Phishing and Spam**

We take the safety of our members seriously and work to prevent attempts to

compromise their privacy or security. We also ask that you respect our members by

not contacting them for commercial purposes without their consent.

**Security**

We take the safety of our members seriously and work to prevent attempts to

compromise their privacy or security, including those that use fraud or deception.

Additionally, we ask that you respect our members by not contacting them for

commercial purposes without their consent.

**Reporting Abuse**

If you see something on Facebook that you believe violates our terms, you should report it to us. Please keep in

mind that reporting a piece of content does not guarantee that it will be removed from the site. 

Because of the diversity of our community, it's possible that something could be disagreeable or disturbing to you

without meeting the criteria for being removed or blocked. For this reason, we also offer personal controls over

what you see, such as the ability to hide or quietly cut ties with people, Pages, or applications that offend you.

Mobile

Find Friends

Badges

People

Pages

Places

Games

Locations

About

Create Ad

Create Page

Developers

Careers

Privacy

Cookies

Terms

Help

Facebook © 2014 · English (US)

