Community Standards 

 

Our mission is to give people the power to share and make the 

world more open and connected. Every day, people come to 

Facebook to share their stories, see the world through the eyes of 

others and connect with friends and causes. The conversations that 

happen on Facebook reflect the diversity of a community of more 

than one billion people. 

 

We want people to feel safe when using Facebook. For that reason, 

we&aposve developed a set of Community Standards, outlined below. 

These policies will help you understand what type of sharing is 

allowed on Facebook, and what type of content may be reported to 

us and removed. Because of the diversity of our global community, 

please keep in mind that something that may be disagreeable or 

disturbing to you may not violate our Community Standards. 

Back to top 

 

 

Read a letter from our team 

 

Hello! We lead the teams that create Facebook&aposs content policies 

and provide support to the community. Our teams work to make 

Facebook an open and safe environment for people around the 

world. We’d like to share a few insights into what it’s like serving a 

community of more than a billion people around the world. 

 

When we share information and opinions with our friends, families, 

communities, and the world around us, that&aposs when we achieve 

extraordinary things - new ideas, opportunities, friendships, and 

collaborations. Every day, people around the world share billions of 

things on Facebook that add value to our lives. But sometimes 

people share content that can be abusive or harmful to the rest of 

the community. 

 

That’s why we created Community Standards – to explain what 

kinds of things shouldn&apost be shared on Facebook. Our Community 

Standards aim to find the right balance between giving people a 

place to express themselves and promoting a welcoming and safe 

environment for everyone. 

 

As you can imagine, striking the right balance is a tough job that we 

approach by focusing on a few key principles: 

 

 

• **Keeping you safe.** We have zero tolerance for any behavior 

that puts people in danger, whether someone is organizing or 

advocating real-world violence or bullying other people. 

Requiring people to use their authentic identity on Facebook 

helps motivate all of us to act responsibly, since our names 

and reputations are visibly linked to our words and actions. 

• **Encouraging respectful behavior.** We ask people to consider 

their audience when sharing something that may offend 

others. We make it easy for everyone to decide who can see 

the content they share, and we have policies that prohibit 

sexually explicit, hateful, and violent content. 

• **Acknowledging cultural diversity.** To ensure our policies 

reflect the diversity of our community, we constantly seek and 

review input from experts around the world, as well as our 

community. Those insights help us understand the context 

through which people are sharing, and viewing, content on 

Facebook. 

• **Empowering you with tools to control what you see on** 

**Facebook.** Facebook is a place for you to connect with the 

people and things you care about, so we give you tools to 

control what you see, report things to us, and reach out to 

people who post things that you don&apost like or disagree with. 

Our goal is to create an environment where we don’t need a lot of 

rules, and people on Facebook feel motivated and empowered to 

treat each other with empathy and respect. 

 

Thank you, 

 

Monika Bickert 

Head of Global Product Policy 

 

Justin Osofsky 

Vice President of Global Operations 

 

 

Helping to Keep you safe 

• 

**Overview** 

• 

**Direct Threats** 

• 

**Self-Injury** 

• 

**Dangerous Organizations** 

• 

**Bullying and Harassment** 

• 

**Attacks on Public Figures** 

• 

**Criminal Activity** 

• 

**Sexual Violence and Exploitation** 

• 

**Regulated Goods** 

We remove content, disable accounts, and work with law 

enforcement when we believe there is a genuine risk of physical 

harm or direct threats to public safety. Learn more about how 

Facebook handles abusive content. 

 

**Direct Threats: How we help people who feel threatened by** 

**others on Facebook.** 

 

We carefully review reports of threatening language to identify 

serious threats of harm to public and personal safety. We remove 

credible threats of physical harm to individuals. We also remove 

specific threats of theft, vandalism, or other financial harm. 

 

We may consider things like a person&aposs physical location or public 

visibility in determining whether a threat is credible. We may 

assume credibility of any threats to people living in violent and 

unstable regions. 

 

**Self-Injury: How we work to help prevent self-injury and** 

**suicide.** 

 

We don’t allow the promotion of self-injury or suicide. We work 

with organizations around the world to provide assistance for 

people in distress. We prohibit content that promotes or 

encourages suicide or any other type of self-injury, including self-

mutilation and eating disorders. We don&apost consider body 

modification to be self-injury. We also remove any content that 

identifies victims or survivors of self-injury or suicide and targets 

them for attack, either seriously or humorously. People can, 

however, share information about self-injury and suicide that does 

not promote these things. 

 

**Dangerous Organizations: What types of organizations we** 

**prohibit on Facebook.** 

 

We don’t allow any organizations that are engaged in the following 

to have a presence on Facebook: 

 

 

• Terrorist activity, or 

• Organized criminal activity. 

 

We also remove content that expresses support for groups that are 

involved in the violent or criminal behavior mentioned above. 

Supporting or praising leaders of those same organizations, or 

condoning their violent activities, is not allowed. 

 

We welcome broad discussion and social commentary on these 

general subjects, but ask that people show sensitivity towards 

victims of violence and discrimination. 

 

**Bullying and Harassment: How we respond to bullying and** 

**harassment.** 

 

We don’t tolerate bullying or harassment. We allow you to speak 

freely on matters and people of public interest, but remove content 

that appears to purposefully target private individuals with the 

intention of degrading or shaming them. This content includes, but 

is not limited to: 

 

 

• Pages that identify and shame private individuals, 

• Images altered to degrade private individuals, 

• Photos or videos of physical bullying posted to shame the 

victim, 

• Sharing personal information to blackmail or harass people, 

and 

• Repeatedly targeting other people with unwanted friend 

requests or messages. 

 

We define private individuals as people who have neither gained 

news attention nor the interest of the public, by way of their actions 

or public profession. 

 

**Attacks on Public Figures: What protection public figures** 

**receive on Facebook.** 

 

We permit open and critical discussion of people who are featured 

in the news or have a large public audience based on their 

profession or chosen activities. We remove credible threats to 

public figures, as well as hate speech directed at them – just as we 

do for private individuals. 

 

**Criminal Activity: How we handle reports of criminal activity on** 

**Facebook.** 

 

We prohibit the use of Facebook to facilitate or organize criminal 

activity that causes physical harm to people, businesses or animals, 

or financial damage to people or businesses. We work with law 

enforcement when we believe there is a genuine risk of physical 

harm or direct threats to public safety. 

 

We also prohibit you from celebrating any crimes you’ve 

committed. We do, however, allow people to debate or advocate 

for the legality of criminal activities, as well as address them in a 

humorous or satirical way. 

 

**Sexual Violence and Exploitation: How we fight sexual violence** 

**and exploitation on Facebook.** 

 

We remove content that threatens or promotes sexual violence or 

exploitation. This includes the sexual exploitation of minors, and 

sexual assault. To protect victims and survivors, we also remove 

photographs or videos depicting incidents of sexual violence and 

images shared in revenge or without permissions from the people 

in the images. 

 

Our definition of sexual exploitation includes solicitation of sexual 

material, any sexual content involving minors, threats to share 

intimate images, and offers of sexual services. Where appropriate, 

we refer this content to law enforcement. Offers of sexual services 

include prostitution, escort services, sexual massages, and filmed 

sexual activity. 

 

**Regulated Goods** 

 

We prohibit any attempts by unauthorized dealers to purchase, sell, 

or trade prescription drugs and marijuana. If you post an offer to 

purchase or sell firearms, alcohol, tobacco, or adult products, we 

expect you to comply with all applicable laws and carefully consider 

the audience for that content. We do not allow you to use 

Facebook&aposs payment tools to sell or purchase regulated goods on 

our platform. 

 

 

Next section 

Back to top 

Encouraging respectful behavior 

• 

**Overview** 

• 

**Nudity** 

• 

**Hate Speech** 

• 

**Violence and Graphic Content** 

People use Facebook to share their experiences and to raise 

awareness about issues that are important to them. This means that 

you may encounter opinions that are different from yours, which we 

believe can lead to important conversations about difficult topics. 

To help balance the needs, safety, and interests of a diverse 

community, however, we may remove certain kinds of sensitive 

content or limit the audience that sees it. Learn more about how we 

do that here. 

 

**Nudity** 

 

People sometimes share content containing nudity for reasons like 

awareness campaigns or artistic projects. We restrict the display of 

nudity because some audiences within our global community may 

be sensitive to this type of content - particularly because of their 

cultural background or age. In order to treat people fairly and 

respond to reports quickly, it is essential that we have policies in 

place that our global teams can apply uniformly and easily when 

reviewing content. As a result, our policies can sometimes be more 

blunt than we would like and restrict content shared for legitimate 

purposes. We are always working to get better at evaluating this 

content and enforcing our standards. 

 

We remove photographs of people displaying genitals or focusing 

in on fully exposed buttocks. We also restrict some images of 

female breasts if they include the nipple, but we always allow 

photos of women actively engaged in breastfeeding or showing 

breasts with post-mastectomy scarring. We also allow photographs 

of paintings, sculptures, and other art that depicts nude figures. 

Restrictions on the display of both nudity and sexual activity also 

apply to digitally created content unless the content is posted for 

educational, humorous, or satirical purposes. Explicit images of 

sexual intercourse are prohibited. Descriptions of sexual acts that go 

into vivid detail may also be removed. 

 

**Hate Speech** 

 

Facebook removes hate speech, which includes content that directly 

attacks people based on their: 

 

 

• Race, 

• Ethnicity, 

• National origin, 

• Religious affiliation, 

• Sexual orientation, 

• Sex, gender, or gender identity, or 

• Serious disabilities or diseases. 

 

Organizations and people dedicated to promoting hatred against 

these protected groups are not allowed a presence on Facebook. As 

with all of our standards, we rely on our community to report this 

content to us. 

 

People can use Facebook to challenge ideas, institutions, and 

practices. Such discussion can promote debate and greater 

understanding. Sometimes people share content containing 

someone else&aposs hate speech for the purpose of raising awareness or 

educating others about that hate speech. When this is the case, we 

expect people to clearly indicate their purpose, which helps us 

better understand why they shared that content. 

 

We allow humor, satire, or social commentary related to these 

topics, and we believe that when people use their authentic identity, 

they are more responsible when they share this kind of 

commentary. For that reason, we ask that Page owners associate 

their name and Facebook Profile with any content that is insensitive, 

even if that content does not violate our policies. As always, we 

urge people to be conscious of their audience when sharing this 

type of content. 

 

While we work hard to remove hate speech, we also give you tools 

to avoid distasteful or offensive content. Learn more about the tools 

we offer to control what you see. You can also use Facebook to 

speak up and educate the community around you. Counter-speech 

in the form of accurate information and alternative viewpoints can 

help create a safer and more respectful environment. 

 

**Violence and Graphic Content** 

 

Facebook has long been a place where people share their 

experiences and raise awareness about important issues. 

Sometimes, those experiences and issues involve violence and 

graphic images of public interest or concern, such as human rights 

abuses or acts of terrorism. In many instances, when people share 

this type of content, they are condemning it or raising awareness 

about it. We remove graphic images when they are shared for 

sadistic pleasure or to celebrate or glorify violence. 

 

When people share anything on Facebook, we expect that they will 

share it responsibly, including carefully choosing who will see that 

content. We also ask that people warn their audience about what 

they are about to see if it includes graphic violence. 

 

 

 

Next section 

Back to top 

 

 

Keeping your account and personal 

information secure 

• 

**Overview** 

• 

**Using Your Authentic Identity** 

• 

**Fraud and Spam** 

• 

**Accounts of Friends or Family Who Have Passed Away** 

We work hard to help keep your account secure and protect your 

personal information. By joining Facebook, you agree to use your 

authentic name and identity. You may not publish the personal 

information of others without their consent. Learn more about how 

we work to keep your information safe. 

 

**Using Your Authentic Identity: How Facebook’s real name** 

**requirement creates a safer environment.** 

 

People connect on Facebook using their authentic identities. When 

people stand behind their opinions and actions with their authentic 

name and reputation, our community is more accountable. If we 

discover that you have multiple personal profiles, we may ask you 

to close the additional profiles. We also remove any profiles that 

impersonate other people. 

 

If you want to create a presence on Facebook for your pet, 

organization, favorite movie, games character, or another purpose, 

please create a Page instead of a Facebook Profile. Pages can help 

you conduct business, reach out to fans, or promote a cause you 

care about. 

 

**Fraud and Spam: How we protect you from fraud and spam.** 

 

We work hard to help ensure that the information you share is 

secure. We investigate any suspected breach of security. Any 

attempt to compromise the security of a Profile, including fraud, 

may be referred to law enforcement. Using misleading or inaccurate 

information to artificially collect likes, followers, or shares is not 

allowed. We also ask that you respect people by not contacting 

them for commercial purposes without their consent. 

 

**Accounts of Friends or Family Who Have Passed Away: How** 

**you can create a place to remember lost loved ones on** 

**Facebook.** 

 

Facebook is a place where people come to share their stories and 

reminisce about friends and family who have passed away. Once we 

receive proof of death, we secure and memorialize accounts. We do 

this once we receive sufficient proof of death. Learn more about 

what happens when we memorialize an account. 

 

Immediate family members can also request that we remove and 

delete a loved one&aposs profile. 

 

 

 

Next section 

Back to top 

Protecting your intellectual property 

Facebook is a place for you to share the things that are important to 

you. You own all of the content and information you post on 

Facebook, and you can control how it is shared through your 

privacy and application settings. However, before sharing content 

on Facebook, please be sure you have the right to do so. We ask 

that you respect copyrights, trademarks, and other legal 

rights. Learn more about intellectual property rights. 

Reporting Abuse 

Reporting Abuse Controlling What You SeeCommunication Tools 

Our global community is growing every day and we strive to welcome people to an environment 

free from abusive content. To do this, we rely on people like you. If you see something on 

Facebook that you believe violates our terms, please report it to us. We have dedicated teams 

working around the world to review things you report to help make sure Facebook remains safe. 

 

Governments also sometimes ask us to remove content that violates local laws, but does not 

violate our Community Standards. If after careful legal review, we find that the content is illegal 

under local law, then we may make it unavailable only in the relevant country or territory. 

 

Please keep the following in mind: 

• 

We may take action any time something violates the Community Standards outlined here. 

• 

We may ask Page owners to associate their name and Facebook Profile with a Page that 

contains cruel and insensitive content, even if that content does not violate our policies. 

• 

Reporting something doesn&apost guarantee that it will be removed because it may not 

violate our policies. 

• 

Our content reviewers will look to you for information about why a post may violate our 

policies. If you report content, please tell us why the content should be removed (e.g., is it 

nudity or hate speech?) so that we can send it to the right person for review. 

• 

Our review decisions may occasionally change after receiving additional context about 

specific posts or after seeing new, violating content appearing on a Page or Facebook 

Profile. 

• 

The number of reports does not impact whether something will be removed. We never 

remove content simply because it has been reported a number of times. 

• 

The consequences for violating our Community Standards vary depending on the severity 

of the violation and the person&aposs history on Facebook. For instance, we may warn 

someone for a first violation, but if we continue to see further violations we may restrict a 

person&aposs ability to post on Facebook or ban the person from Facebook. 

 

Not all disagreeable or disturbing content violates our Community Standards. For this reason, we 

offer you the ability to customize and control what you see by unfollowing, blocking, and hiding 

the posts, people, Pages, and applications you don’t want to see – and we encourage you to use 

these controls to better personalize your experience. Learn more. People also often resolve issues 

they have about a piece of content by simply reaching out to the person who posted it. We’ve 

created tools for you to communicate directly with other people when you’re unhappy with 

posts, photos, or other content you see on Facebook. 

 

