[YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Reporting and enforcement](/youtube/topic/2803138?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Privacy and safety center](/youtube/topic/2803240?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Copyright and rights management](/youtube/topic/2676339?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)
    

*   [YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248)
*   [Nudity & Sexual Content Policy](/youtube/answer/2802002)

Nudity & Sexual Content Policy
==============================

**Note**: On September 7, 2022, we updated our Nudity and sexual content policy to more consistently enforce our Community Guidelines. You can learn more about these changes on [our forum](https://support.google.com/youtube/thread/178333446). This policy has been updated with these changes.

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. **T****ake the time to carefully read the policy below**. You can also check out [this page](/youtube/answer/9288567) for a full list of our guidelines.

Explicit content meant to be sexually gratifying is not allowed on YouTube. Posting pornography may result in content removal or channel termination. Videos containing fetish content will be removed or age-restricted. In most cases, violent, graphic, or humiliating fetishes are not allowed on YouTube.

If you find content that violates this policy, report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines [are available here](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027). If you've found a few videos or comments that you would like to report, you can [report the channel](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027#report_channel).

Sexually explicit content featuring minors and content that sexually exploits minors is not allowed on YouTube. We report content containing child sexual abuse imagery to the [National Center for Missing and Exploited Children](http://www.missingkids.com/home), who work with global law enforcement agencies.

What this policy means for you
------------------------------

#### If you're posting content

Explicit content that violates this policy could result in channel termination. This policy applies to real-world, dramatized, illustrated, and animated content, including sex scenes, video games, and music.

Don’t post content on YouTube if it shows:

*   The depiction of clothed or unclothed genitals, breasts, or buttocks that are meant for sexual gratification.
*   Pornography, the depiction of sexual acts, or fetishes that are meant for sexual gratification.

Other types of content that violate this policy
-----------------------------------------------

*   Masturbation
*   Fondling or groping of genitals, breasts, or buttocks
*   Using sex toys to give viewers sexual gratification
*   Nudity or partial nudity that’s meant for sexual gratification
*   Non-consensual sex acts or the promotion or glorification of non-consensual sex acts, such as sexual assault, incest, bestiality, or zoophilia
*   Unwanted sexualization such as non-consensually shared imagery or voyeurism
*   Wardrobe accidents or nude photo leaks
*   Non-consensual zooming in or prolonged focused or emphasis on the breasts, buttocks or genital area for the purpose of sexual gratification
*   Violent, graphic, or humiliating fetish content where the purpose is sexual gratification
*   Aggregating content that’s meant for sexual gratification
*   Any sexual content involving minors — see our [Child Safety on YouTube](/youtube/answer/2801999) page for more information

**Note**: The above list isn't complete.

Age-restricted content

We may age-restrict content if it includes nudity or other sexual content but doesn’t depict anything described above. We consider the following when deciding whether to age-restrict or remove content.

*   Whether clothed or unclothed breasts, buttocks or genitals are the focal point of the video
*   Whether the subject is depicted in a pose that is intended to sexually arouse the viewer
*   Whether the language used in the video is graphic or lewd
*   Whether the subject's actions in the video encourage sexual arousal, such as by touching of breasts or genitals, or revealing undergarments
*   Whether the clothing would be generally unacceptable in public contexts, such as lingerie
*   Whether sexual imagery or audio has been blurred, masked, or obscured
*   Whether sexual imagery or audio is fleeting or prolonged in the content
*   Whether the content invites others to participate in a challenge involving sexual acts

**Note**: The above list isn’t complete.

This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, audio, and any other YouTube product or feature. Remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

Educational content
-------------------

We may allow sexual content when the primary purpose is educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic, and it isn’t gratuitous. For example, a documentary on breast cancer that shows nude breasts would be appropriate, but posting clips out of context to sexually gratify from the same documentary is not. Out of context nudity in indigenous communities, during medical procedures, during childbirth, during artistic performances, or during breastfeeding may not meet our documentary exception. 

The same applies to depictions of sex scenes in artistic content such as films, audio stories, music or video games. For example, a film with a sex scene may be allowed if it included details such as the name of the film, director, actors in the video content and in the video description. Remember that [giving context](/youtube/answer/6345162) in the content, title, and description will help us and your viewers determine the primary purpose of the video.

For educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic content that has adult material or graphic violence, we may take into account official third-party ratings to decide whether the content may remain on YouTube. Content that follows our policies but isn’t appropriate for all audiences is [age-restricted](/youtube/answer/2802167). Age-restricted content isn’t viewable to anyone who’s under 18 years of age or signed out.

Examples
--------

Here are some examples of content that’s not allowed on YouTube.

*   Clips extracted from non-pornographic films, shows, or other content in order to isolate sexual content (real world or artistic)
*   Groping, kissing, public masturbation, “upskirting”, voyeurism, predatory exhibitionism, or any other content that depicts someone in a sexualized manner without their consent
*   Content that depicts sexual acts, behaviors, or sex toys that’s meant for sexual gratification

**Note**: The above are just some examples. If you think content might violate this policy, don’t post it.

More examples
-------------

*   Playlists that aggregate content containing nudity or sexual themes for the purpose of sexual gratification
*   Provocative dancing that is focused on the dancer’s genitals, buttocks, or breasts, or that includes fondling or groping
*   Content that sexualizes rape in any form, or content that aggregates clips of dramatized rape scenes
*   Audio or textual depictions of sexual acts for the purpose of sexual gratification
*   Content showing bodily fluids or excretion, such as urine, for the purpose of sexual gratification
*   Content using otherwise everyday objects or scenarios, such as injections or eating, for the purpose of sexual gratification
*   Video game content which has been developed or modified (“modded”) for sexual gratification, or focuses on themes of unwanted sexualization 
    

What happens if content violates this policy
--------------------------------------------

If your content violates this policy, we will remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If we can’t verify that a link you post is safe, we may remove the link. Note that violative URLs posted within the video itself or in the video’s metadata may result in the video being removed.

If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you'll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. You will have the chance to take a policy training to allow the warning to expire after 90 days. However, if the same policy is violated within that 90 day window, the warning will not expire and your channel will be given a strike. If you violate a different policy after completing the training, you will get another warning.

If you get 3 strikes within 90 days, your channel will be terminated. [Learn more about our strikes system](/youtube/answer/2802032).

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. We may prevent repeat offenders from taking policy trainings in the future. [Learn more about channel or account terminations](/youtube/answer/2802168).

If your content contains pornography, we may terminate your channel.

Was this helpful?