* [YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248)
* [Violent Criminal Organizations](/youtube/answer/9229472)
       # Violent Criminal Organizations

  

 
Content intended to praise, promote, or aid violent criminal organizations is not allowed on YouTube. These organizations are not allowed to use YouTube for any purpose, including recruitment.


If you find content that violates this policy, please report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines [are available here](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027). If you find many videos, comments, or a creator's entire channel that you wish to report, visit our [reporting tool](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027).



If you believe anyone is in immediate danger, you should reach out to your local law enforcement agency to report the situation immediately.


## What this means for you


#### If you're posting content


Don’t post content on YouTube if it fits any of the descriptions noted below.


* Content produced by violent criminal or terrorist organizations
* Content praising or memorializing prominent terrorist or criminal figures in order to encourage others to carry out acts of violence
* Content praising or justifying violent acts carried out by violent criminal or terrorist organizations
* Content aimed at recruiting new members to violent criminal or terrorist organizations
* Content depicting hostages or posted with the intent to solicit, threaten, or intimidate on behalf of a violent criminal or terrorist organization
* Content that depicts the insignia, logos, or symbols of violent criminal or terrorist organizations in order to praise or promote them


If posting content related to terrorism or crime for an educational, documentary, scientific, or artistic purpose, be mindful to provide enough information in the video or audio itself so viewers understand the context. Graphic or controversial footage with sufficient context may be subject to age-restrictions or a warning screen.


This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, and any other YouTube product or feature.  Please note this is not a complete list.


## Examples


Here are some examples of content that’s not allowed on YouTube.


* Raw and unmodified reuploads of content created by terrorist or criminal organizations
* Celebrating terrorist leaders or their crimes in songs or memorials
* Celebrating terrorist or criminal organizations in songs or memorials
* Content directing users to sites that espouse terrorist ideology, are used to disseminate prohibited content, or are used for recruitment


Please remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.


## What happens when content violates this policy


If your content violates this policy, we’ll remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If this is the first time you’ve posted content that violates our Community Guidelines, you’ll get a warning with no penalty to your channel. If it’s not, we’ll issue a strike against your channel. Your channel will be terminated if you receive 3 strikes. You can learn more about [our strikes system here](/youtube/answer/2802032).



### Visit Creator Academy for more


Would you rather learn about our Community Guidelines through videos and quizzes? Check out our [Creator Academy course](https://creatoracademy.youtube.com/page/lesson/policy-violent).


   Was this helpful?