[YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Reporting and enforcement](/youtube/topic/2803138?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Privacy and safety center](/youtube/topic/2803240?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Copyright and rights management](/youtube/topic/2676339?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)
    

*   [YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248)
*   [Links in your Content](/youtube/answer/9054257)

As we take steps to prioritize the well-being of our extended workforce, expect longer than usual wait times for support. For the latest updates on how we're addressing the coronavirus (COVID-19) situation, please visit [g.co/yt-covid19](http://g.co/yt-covid19) or [subscribe here](https://support.google.com/youtube/thread/33987650?hl=en#action=subscribe).

Links in your Content
=====================

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority – and we look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. **Please take the time to carefully read the policy below**. You can also check out [this page](/youtube/answer/9288567) for a full list of our guidelines.

Links that send users to websites featuring content that violates our Community Guidelines are not allowed on YouTube.

If you find content that violates this policy, please report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines [are available here](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027). If you've found multiple videos or comments that you would like to report, you can [report the channel](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027#report_channel).

What this policy means for you
------------------------------

#### If you're posting content

Don’t post links in your content on YouTube if they fit any of the descriptions noted below.

*   Links to pornography
*   Links to websites or apps that install malware
*   Links to websites or apps phishing for a user’s login credentials, financial information, etc.
*   Links to websites, apps, or other information technology that give unauthorized free access to audio content, audiovisual content, full video games, software, or streaming services that normally require payment
*   Links to websites that seek to raise funds or recruit for terrorist organizations
*   Links to sites containing Child Sexual Abuse Imagery (CSAI)
*   Links to sites selling items noted in our [regulated goods guidelines](/youtube/answer/9229611)

This policy applies to videos, video descriptions, comments, live streams, and any other YouTube product or feature. Please note this is not a complete list.

**Note:** Affiliate content doesn't violate YouTube’s Terms of Use. However, massively posting affiliate content in dedicated accounts may violate our policies around spam. You can learn more about what's allowed in our [Spam, deceptive practices & scams policies](/youtube/answer/2801973).

Examples
--------

Here are some examples of content that’s not allowed on YouTube.

*   A video featuring sexually themed content whose description says “click here to see what YouTube won’t allow!” and contains a link to a pornographic site.
*   A gameplay video whose description contains a link to a website promising free in-game currency or online store credit but really links to a site that infects the user’s computer with malware.
*   Posting a link to a phishing site that steals users’ banking logins and passwords.
*   Instructing viewers to copy and paste an unclickable link in the video that takes them to a pornographic or spammy site.
*   Any link leading users to a website, file hosting service, etc. that allows them to access or download child sexual abuse imagery.

Please remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

What happens if content violates this policy
--------------------------------------------

If your content violates this policy, we’ll remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you’ll get a warning with no penalty to your channel. If it’s not, we’ll issue a strike against your channel. If you get 3 strikes, your channel will be terminated. You can learn more about [our strikes system here](/youtube/answer/2802032).

Was this helpful?