**Sign Up**

**Facebook helps you connect and share with the people in your life.**

**Threats**

We want our members to feel safe on the site. Any credible threats to harm others

will be removed. We may also remove support for violent organizations.

**Promoting Self-Harm**

Facebook is not a place for self-destructive behavior. To that end we don't allow

the promotion of suicide, "cutting," eating disorders, or illegal drug use. We take

threats of suicide very seriously and will contact the relevant authorities when we

become aware of them.

**Bullying & Harassment**

As a community, we place a high value on respecting each other, and take reports

of harassment very seriously. We take action when private individuals are bullied

or persistently contacted against their wishes. While we encourage you to make

meaningful new connections, please keep in mind that contacting strangers or

people you've never met in person can be a form of harassment.

**Hate Speech**

Facebook does not tolerate hate speech. Please grant each other mutual respect

when you communicate here. While we encourage the discussion of ideas,

institutions, events, and practices, it is a serious violation of our terms to single out

individuals based on race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, gender, sexual

orientation, disability, or disease.

**Graphic Violence**

While we are a platform for sharing events that take place in your life and around

the world, any inappropriately graphic content will be removed when found on the

site. Sadistic displays of violence against people or animals, or depictions of sexual

assault, are prohibited.

**Sex & Nudity**

We have a strict "no nudity or pornography" policy. Any content that is

inappropriately sexual will be removed. Before posting questionable content, be

mindful of the consequences for you and your environment.

**Theft, Vandalism, or Fraud**

We are trying to make the world a more open, connected, and ultimately better

place. Organizing acts that harm others through theft, vandalism, or fraud is a

violation of our terms.

**Identity & Privacy**

Facebook is a community where real people connect and share using their real

identities. When you represent yourself accurately on Facebook you are helping to

build trust and safety for everyone. Claiming to be someone else, creating multiple

accounts, or falsely representing an organization undermines this trust and violates

Facebook Community Standards

Facebook is a global community where millions of people connect with each other. Each of these people represents

unique opinions, ideals, and cultural values. Out of consideration for this diversity, we work to foster an environment

where everyone can openly discuss issues and express their views, while respecting the rights of others.

When millions of people get together to share things that are important to them, sometimes these discussions and posts

include controversial topics and content. We believe this online dialog mirrors the exchange of ideas and opinions that

happens throughout people's lives offline, in conversations at home, at work, in cafes, and in classrooms.

As a trusted community of friends, family, coworkers, and classmates, Facebook is largely self-regulated. People who use

Facebook can and do report content that they find questionable or offensive. To balance the needs and interests of a

global community we ask everyone to respect the following content standards:

Email

Password

**Login**

Keep me logged in

Forgot your password?

our terms. Please also refrain from publishing other people's personal information.

**Intellectual Property**

Before sharing content on Facebook, please be sure you have the right to do so.

We ask that you respect copyrights, trademarks, and other legal rights.

**Phishing & Spam**

We take the safety of our members seriously and work to prevent attempts to

compromise their privacy or security. We also ask that you respect our members by

not contacting them for commercial purposes without their consent.

**Reporting Abuse**

If you see something on Facebook that you believe violates our terms, you can report it to us. Please keep in mind

that reporting a person, organization, or piece of content doesn't guarantee its removal from the site.

Because of the diversity of our community, it's possible that something could be disagreeable or disturbing to you

without meeting the criteria for being removed or blocked. For this reason, we also offer personal controls over

what you see, such as the ability to hide or quietly cut ties with people, Pages, or applications that offend you.

Content that does violate our terms may be removed from our site and (in some cases) subject to legal or other

action.

Facebook © 2011 · English (US)

Mobile · Find Friends · Badges · People · Pages · About · Advertising · Developers · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Help

