Email or Phone

Password

**Log In**

Keep me logged in

Forgot your password?

**Sign Up**

**Facebook helps you connect and share with the people in your life.**

**Violence and Threats**

Safety is Facebook's top priority. You may not credibly threaten to harm others, or

organize acts of real-world violence. We remove content and may escalate to law

enforcement when we perceive a genuine risk of physical harm, or a direct threat

to public safety. We also prohibit promoting, planning or celebrating any of your

actions if they have, or could, result in financial harm to others, including theft and

vandalism.

**Self-Harm**

Facebook takes threats of self-harm very seriously. We remove any promotion or

encouragement of self-mutilation, eating disorders or hard drug abuse. We also

work with suicide prevention agencies around the world to provide assistance for

people in distress.

**Bullying and Harassment**

Facebook does not tolerate bullying or harassment. We allow users to speak freely

on matters and people of public interest, but take action on all reports of abusive

behavior directed at private individuals. Repeatedly targeting other users with

unwanted friend requests or messages is a form of harassment.

**Hate Speech**

Facebook does not permit hate speech. While we encourage you to challenge

ideas, institutions, events, and practices, it is a serious violation to attack a person

based on their race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, gender, sexual

orientation, disability or medical condition.

**Graphic Content**

People use Facebook to share events through photos and videos. We understand

that graphic imagery is a regular component of current events, but must balance

the needs of a diverse community. Sharing any graphic content for sadistic

pleasure is prohibited.

**Nudity and Pornography**

Facebook has a strict policy against the sharing of pornographic content and

imposes limitations on the display of nudity. At the same time, we aspire to respect

people’s right to share content of personal importance, whether those are photos

of a sculpture like Michelangelo's David or family photos of a child breastfeeding.

**Identity and Privacy**

On Facebook people connect and share using their real identities. This culture

creates accountability and builds trust and safety for everyone. Claiming to be

another person, creating multiple accounts, or falsely representing an organization

undermines community and violates Facebook’s. Finally, you may not publish other

people's personal information.

**Intellectual Property**

Before sharing content on Facebook, please be sure you have the right to do so.

Facebook Community Standards

Facebook gives people around the world the power to publish their own stories, see the world through the eyes of many

other people, and connect and share wherever they go. The conversation that happens on Facebook – and the opinions

expressed here – mirror the diversity of the people using Facebook. 

To balance the needs and interests of a global population, Facebook protects expression that meets the community

standards outlined on this page. 

Please review these standards. They will help you understand what type of expression is acceptable, and what type of

content may be reported and removed.

We ask that you respect copyrights, trademarks, and other legal rights.

**Phishing and Spam**

We take the safety of our members seriously and work to prevent attempts to

compromise their privacy or security. We also ask that you respect our members by

not contacting them for commercial purposes without their consent.

**Reporting Abuse**

If you see something on Facebook that you believe violates our terms, you should report it to us. Please keep in

mind that reporting a piece of content does not guarantee that it will be removed from the site. 

Because of the diversity of our community, it's possible that something could be disagreeable or disturbing to you

without meeting the criteria for being removed or blocked. For this reason, we also offer personal controls over

what you see, such as the ability to hide or quietly cut ties with people, Pages, or applications that offend you.

Facebook © 2012 · English (US)

Mobile · Find Friends · Badges · People · Pages · About · Advertising · Create a Page · Developers · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Help

