**The Twitter Rules**  

Submitted Jan 14 by **crystal**  

Our goal is to provide a service that allows you to discover and receive content from 

sources that interest you as well as to share your content with others. We respect the 

ownership of the content that users share and each user is responsible for the 

content he or she provides. Because of these principles, we do not actively monitor 

user’s content and will not censor user content, except in limited circumstances 

described below.  

**Content Boundaries and Use of Twitter**  

In order to provide the Twitter service and the ability to communicate and stay 

connected with others, there are some limitations on the type of content that can be 

published with Twitter. These limitations comply with legal requirements and make 

Twitter a better experience for all. We may need to change these rules from time to 

time and reserve the right to do so. Please check back here to see the latest.  

***Impersonation:** You may not impersonate others through the Twitter service in a 

manner that does or is intended to mislead, confuse, or deceive others ***Privacy**: You 

may not publish or post other people&aposs private and confidential information, such as 

credit card numbers, street address or Social Security/National  

Identity numbers, without their express authorization and permission.  

***Violence and Threats**: You may not publish or post direct, specific threats of 

violence against others.  

***Copyright:** We will respond to clear and complete notices of alleged copyright 

infringement. Our copyright procedures are set forth in the Terms of Service.  

***Unlawful Use**: You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or for 

promotion of illegal activities.  

***Serial Accounts:** You may not create serial accounts for disruptive or abusive 

purposes.  

*** Name Squatting**: You may not engage in name squatting Accounts that are 

inactive for more than 6 months may be removed without further notice. Some of the 

factors that we take into account when determining what conduct is considered to be 

name squatting are:  

the number of accounts created 

creating accounts for the purpose of preventing others from using those account 

names 

creating accounts for the purpose of selling those accounts 

using feeds of third-party content to update and maintain accounts under the names 

of those third parties  

***Malware/Phishing**: You may not publish or link to malicious content intended to 

damage or disrupt another user’s browser or computer or to compromise a user’s 

privacy.  

***Spam:** You may not use the Twitter service for the purpose of spamming anyone. 

What constitutes “spamming” will evolve as we respond to new tricks and tactics by 

spammers. Some of the factors that we take into account when determining what 

conduct is considered to be spamming are:  

If you have followed a large amount of users in a short amount of time; 

If you have a small number of followers compared to the amount of people you are 

following; If your updates consist mainly of links, and not personal updates; 

If a large number of people are blocking you; 

The number of spam complaints that have been filed against you; 

If you post duplicate content over multiple accounts; 

If you repost other user’s content without attribution.  

***Pornography:** You may not use obscene or pornographic images in either your 

profile picture or user background.  

Twitter reserves the right to immediately terminate your account without further notice 

in the event that, in its judgment, you violate these Rules or the Terms of Service.  

 

