The Twitter Rules 

Our goal is to provide a service that allows you to discover and receive content from sources that interest 

you as well as to share your content with others. We respect the ownership of the content that users share 

and each user is responsible for the content he or she provides. Because of these principles, we do not 

actively monitor and will not censor user content, except in limited circumstances described below. 

Content Boundaries and Use of Twitter 

In order to provide the Twitter service and the ability to communicate and stay connected with others, 

there are some limitations on the type of content that can be published with Twitter. These limitations 

comply with legal requirements and make Twitter a better experience for all. We may need to change 

these rules from time to time and reserve the right to do so. Please check back here to see the latest. 

o 

Impersonation: You may not impersonate others through the Twitter service in a 

manner that does or is intended to mislead, confuse, or deceive others. 

o 

Trademark: We reserve the right to reclaim usernames on behalf of businesses or 

individuals that hold legal claim or trademark on those usernames. Accounts using 

business names and/or logos to mislead others may be permanently suspended. 

o 

Private information: You may not publish or post other people&aposs private and 

confidential information, such as credit card numbers, street address or Social 

Security/National Identity numbers, without their express authorization and 

permission. 

o 

Violence and Threats: You may not publish or post direct, specific threats of violence 

against others. 

o 

Copyright: We will respond to clear and complete notices of alleged copyright 

infringement. Our copyright procedures are set forth in the Terms of Service. 

o 

Unlawful Use: You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance 

of illegal activities. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding 

online conduct and acceptable content. 

o 

Misuse of Twitter Badges: You may not use badges, such as but not limited to the 

Promoted or Verified Twitter badge, unless provided by Twitter. Accounts using these 

badges as part of profile photos, header photos, background images, or in a way that 

falsely implies affiliation with Twitter may be suspended. 

Abuse and Spam 

Twitter strives to protect its users from abuse and spam. User abuse and technical abuse are not 

tolerated on Twitter.com, and may result in permanent suspension. Any accounts engaging in the 

activities specified below may be subject to permanent suspension. 

o 

Serial Accounts: You may not create multiple accounts for disruptive or abusive 

purposes, or with overlapping use cases. Mass account creation may result in suspension 

of all related accounts. Please note that any violation of the Twitter Rules is cause for 

permanent suspension of all accounts. 

o 

Targeted Abuse: You may not engage in targeted abuse or harassment. Some of the 

factors that we take into account when determining what conduct is considered to be 

targeted abuse or harassment are: 

o 

if you are sending messages to a user from multiple accounts; 

o 

if the sole purpose of your account is to send abusive messages to others; 

o 

if the reported behavior is one-sided or includes threats 

o 

Username Squatting: You may not engage in username squatting. Accounts that are 

inactive for more than six months may also be removed without further notice. Some of 

the factors that we take into account when determining what conduct is considered to 

be username squatting are: 

o 

the number of accounts created 

o 

creating accounts for the purpose of preventing others from using those 

account names 

o 

creating accounts for the purpose of selling those accounts 

o 

using feeds of third-party content to update and maintain accounts 

under the names of those third parties 

o 

Invitation spam: You may not use Twitter.com&aposs address book contact import to send 

repeat, mass invitations. 

o 

Selling usernames: You may not buy or sell Twitter usernames. 

o 

Malware/Phishing: You may not publish or link to malicious content intended to 

damage or disrupt another user’s browser or computer or to compromise a user’s 

privacy. 

o 

Spam: You may not use the Twitter service for the purpose of spamming anyone. What 

constitutes “spamming” will evolve as we respond to new tricks and tactics by 

spammers. Some of the factors that we take into account when determining what 

conduct is considered to be spamming are: 

o 

If you have followed and/or unfollowed large amounts of users in a short 

time period, particularly by automated means (aggressive following or 

follower churn); 

o 

If you repeatedly follow and unfollow people, whether to build followers 

or to garner more attention for your profile; 

o 

If your updates consist mainly of links, and not personal updates; 

o 

If a large number of people are blocking you; 

o 

If a large number of spam complaints have been filed against you; 

o 

If you post duplicate content over multiple accounts or multiple 

duplicate updates on one account; 

o 

If you post multiple unrelated updates to a topic using #, trending or 

popular topic, or promoted trend; 

o 

If you send large numbers of duplicate @replies or mentions; 

o 

If you send large numbers of unsolicited @replies or mentions in an 

aggressive attempt to bring attention to a service or link; 

o 

If you add a large number of unrelated users to lists in an attempt to 

bring attention to an account, service or link; 

o 

If you repeatedly create false or misleading content in an attempt to 

bring attention to an account, service or link; 

o 

Randomly or aggressively favoriting Tweets through automation in an 

attempt to bring attention to an account, service or link; 

o 

Randomly or aggressively Retweeting accounts through automation in 

an attempt to bring attention to an account, service or link; 

o 

If you repeatedly post other users&apos account information as your own (bio, 

Tweets, url, etc.); 

o 

If you post misleading links (e.g. affiliate links, links to malware/click 

jacking pages, etc.); 

o 

Creating multiple misleading accounts in order to gain followers; 

o 

Selling followers; 

o 

Purchasing followers; 

o 

Using or promoting third-party sites that claim to get you more followers 

(such as follower trains, sites promising "more followers fast," or any 

other site that offers to automatically add followers to your account); 

o 

Pornography: You may not use obscene or pornographic images in either your profile 

photo, header photo, or user background. 

Your account may be suspended for Terms of Service violations if any of the above is true. Please see 

our help pages on Following rules and best practices and Automation rules and best practices for a 

more detailed discussion of how the Rules apply to those particular account behaviors. Accounts 

created to replace suspended accounts will be permanently suspended. 

Accounts engaging in any of these behaviors may be investigated for abuse. Accounts under 

investigation may be removed from Search for quality. Twitter reserves the right to immediately 

terminate your account without further notice in the event that, in its judgment, you violate these 

Rules or the Terms of Service. 

We may revise these Rules from time to time; the most current version will always be 

at twitter.com/rules. 

Have Questions? 

Check out our complete list of articles outlining our policies, guidelines, and best practices. 

To report an account for violation of the Twitter Rules, please use our forms. 

 

 

Impersonation policy 

Impersonation is a violation of the Twitter Rules. Twitter accounts portraying another person in a 

confusing or deceptive manner may be permanently suspended under the Twitter Impersonation 

Policy. 

 

An account will not be removed if 

• 

the user shares your name but has no other commonalities, or 

• 

the profile clearly states it is not affiliated with or connected to any similarly-named 

individuals. 

Accounts with similar usernames or that are similar in appearance (e.g. the same background or avatar 

image) are not automatically in violation of the impersonation policy. In order to be impersonation, 

the account must also portray another person in a misleading or deceptive manner. 

 

Twitter users are allowed to create parody, commentary, or fan accounts. Please refer to Twitter&aposs 

Parody Policy for more information about these types of accounts. 

 

For Frequently Asked Questions about reporting impersonation on Twitter, click here. 

 

 

Trademark policy 

Updated October 3, 2012 

What is a Trademark Policy Violation on Twitter? 

Using a company or business name, logo, or other trademark-protected materials in a manner that may 

mislead or confuse others with regard to its brand or business affiliation may be considered a 

trademark policy violation. 

How Does Twitter Respond To Reported Trademark Policy Violations? 

When we receive reports of trademark policy violations from holders of federal or international 

trademark registrations, we review the account and may take the following actions: 

• 

When there is a clear intent to mislead others through the unauthorized use of a 

trademark, Twitter will suspend the account and notify the account holder. 

• 

When we determine that an account appears to be confusing users, but is not 

purposefully passing itself off as the trademarked good or service, we give the account 

holder an opportunity to clear up any potential confusion. We may also release a 

username for the trademark holder&aposs active use. 

• 

We are responsive to reports about confusing or misleading Promoted 

Tweet and Promoted Trend copy, as well as Promoted Account profile information. For 

more information, please visit our Trademark Policy for Promoted Products. 

What Is not a Trademark Policy Violation? 

Using another&aposs trademark in a way that has nothing to do with the product or service for which the 

trademark was granted is not a violation of Twitter&aposs trademark policy. 

• 

Twitter usernames are provided on a first-come, first-served basis and may not be 

reserved. For information on why you may not be able to select a certain username, 

please see our Why Can&apost I Register Certain Usernames help page. 

• 

Search and interest keywords advertisers choose are subject to applicable trademark 

law. Although Twitter may review reports of confusing keywords, we may not disable 

keywords in every case. For more information about our policies specific to Promoted 

Products, please see our Promoted Products Policy and our Trademark Policy for 

Promoted Products. 

Guidelines for News feed, Commentary, and Fan Accounts 

Twitter users are allowed to create news feed, commentary, and fan accounts. Twitter provides a 

platform for its users to share and receive a wide range of ideas and content, and we greatly value and 

respect our users&apos expression. Because of these principles, we do not actively monitor users&apos content 

and will not edit or remove user content, except in cases of violations of our Terms of Service. 

An account&aposs profile information should make it clear that the account is not actually the company or 

business entity that is the subject of the news feed/commentary/fan account. Here are some suggestions 

for distinguishing your account: 

• 

**Username**: The username should not be the trademarked name of the subject of the 

news feed, commentary, or fan account. 

• 

**Name**: The profile name should not be the trademarked name of the company or include 

the trademarked name in a misleading manner. 

• 

**Bio**: The bio should include a statement to distinguish it from the real company, such as 

“Unofficial Account," "Fan Account," or "Not affiliated with…" 

• 

**Profile photo, header photo, or background image:** The account should not use 

another’s trademark, logo or other copyright-protected image without express 

permission. 

• 

**Communication with other users**: The account should not, through private or public 

communication with other users, try to deceive or mislead others about your identity. 

Users may also choose to use different language to indicate that an account is not associated with the 

actual brand/company/product so long as it is clear and not confusing to others, and does not mislead 

or deceive. 

 

If an account is reported to be confusing, we may request that the account holder make further 

changes to bring the account in compliance with these best practices. 

How Can I Make My Own Account&aposs Brand or Business Affiliation 

Clear? 

We strongly recommend that you use all of Twitter&aposs account settings (account name, location, web, 

and bio) to make your account&aposs affiliation clear. 

• 

Please see our How to Change Your Profile Picture or Information page for instructions 

on customizing your account. In particular, we recommend clearly stating your location, 

including your website if you have one, and clearly describing your brand or business in 

the bio, if applicable. 

• 

You can also consider linking your official website to your Twitter account. Twitter 

Buttons are an easy way to add Twitter actions like “Follow” and “Mention” directly to 

your website. 

What Information is Required When Reporting Trademark Policy 

Violations? 

In order to investigate trademark policy violations, please provide all of the following information: 

Username of the reported account (e.g., @safety or http://www.twitter.com/safety): 

Your company name: 

Your company Twitter account (if there is one): 

Company website: 

Your trademarked word, symbol, etc. (e.g. Twitter): 

Trademark registration number: 

Trademark registration office (e.g., USPTO): 

**Note:** A federal or international trademark registration number is required. If the name you are 

reporting is not a registered mark (e.g., a government agency or non-profit organization), please let us 

know: 

 

Your first and last name: 

Title: 

Address: 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Email (must be from company domain): 

Description of confusion (e.g., passing off as your company, including specific descriptions of content 

or behavior): 

Requested Action (e.g., removal of violating account or transfer of trademarked username to an 

existing company account): 

How Do I Report a Trademark Policy Violation? 

You do not need a Twitter account to submit a trademark report. Holders of registered trademarks can 

report possible violations to Twitter&aposs Policy Team through our support forms. 

Please submit trademark-related requests from your company email address and follow the format 

above to help expedite our response. Also, be sure to clearly describe to us why the account or Tweets 

may cause confusion with your mark. 

 

 

 

Private information posted on 

Twitter  

Posting another person’s private and confidential information is a violation of the Twitter 

Rules.  

Some examples of private and confidential information include:  

credit card information 

social security or other national identity numbers 

addresses or locations that are considered and treated as private 

non-public, personal phone numbers 

non-public, personal email addresses 

images or videos that are considered and treated as private under applicable laws  

Keep in mind that although you may consider certain information to be private, not all 

postings of such information may be a violation of this policy. We may consider the context 

and nature of the information posted, local privacy laws, and other case-specific facts when 

determining if this policy has been violated. For example, if information was previously 

posted or displayed elsewhere on the Internet prior to being put on Twitter, it may not be a 

violation of this policy.  

If the private information you’re reporting is not your own, please note that you must have 

documentation that you’re authorized to act on behalf of the person whose confidential 

information is posted.  

For frequently asked questions about reporting private information posted on Twitter, click 

here. To learn more about protecting your private information on Twitter and other websites, 

click here. . 

 

 

Abusive behavior policy  

If you need to report abusive behavior to Twitter, please file a report here. 

If you believe you may be in danger, please contact your local law enforcement authority in 

addition to reporting  

the content to Twitter so that the situation can be addressed both online and offline.  

**User disputes and false statements**  

Twitter provides a global communication platform which encompasses a variety of users with 

different voices, ideas and perspectives. As a policy, we do not mediate content or intervene 

in disputes between users.  

**Threats and abuse**  

Users may not make direct, specific threats of violence against others; targeted abuse or 

harassment is also a violation of the Twitter Rules and Terms of Service.  

For frequently asked questions about reporting abusive behavior on Twitter, click here. To 

learn more about what you can do when you encounter abusive behavior on Twitter and 

other websites, click here.  

**Offensive content**  

Users are allowed to post content, including potentially inflammatory content, provided they 

do not violate the Twitter Rules and Terms of Service. Twitter does not screen content and 

does not remove potentially offensive content unless such content is in violation of the 

Twitter Rules and Terms of Service.  

If you believe the content or behavior you are reporting is prohibited in your local jurisdiction, 

please contact your local authorities so they can accurately assess the content or behavior 

for possible violations of local law. If Twitter is contacted directly by law enforcement, we can 

work with them and provide assistance for their investigation as well as guidance around 

possible options. You can point local law enforcement to our Law Enforcement Guidelines.  

 

 

Copyright and DMCA policy 

Topics Covered: 

• 

What is the DMCA ? 

• 

What Types of Copyright Complaints Does Twitter Respond To? 

• 

Am I a Copyright Holder? How Do I Know? 

• 

What Information Do You Need To Process a Copyright Complaint? 

• 

How Do I File a Copyright Complaint? 

• 

How Are Claims Processed? 

• 

What Happens Next? 

• 

What Happens If I Receive a DMCA Notification? 

• 

When Should I File a Counter-Notice? 

• 

What Information Do You Need to Process a Counter-notice? 

• 

What Happens After I Submit a Counter-notice? 

• 

Filing a DMCA Notification or Counter-notice Is Serious Business! 

What is the DMCA? 

Section 512 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) outlines the statutory requirements 

necessary for formally reporting copyright infringement, as well as providing instructions on how an 

affected party can appeal a removal by submitting a compliant counter-notice. 

What Types of Copyright Complaints Does Twitter Respond To? 

Twitter will respond to reports of alleged copyright infringement, such as allegations concerning the 

unauthorized use of a copyrighted image as an profile photo, header photo, or background, allegations 

concerning the unauthorized use of a copyrighted image uploaded through our photo hosting service, 

or Tweets containing links to allegedly infringing materials. 

 

**Tip**: If you are concerned about the use of your brand or entity’s name, please review 

Twitter’s Trademark Policy. If you are concerned about the use of a fictional character, please see 

our Parody, Commentary, and Fan Accounts Policy. These are generally not copyright issues. 

Am I a Copyright Holder? How Do I Know? 

If you are unsure whether you hold rights to a particular work, please consult an attorney or another 

adviser as Twitter cannot provide legal advice. There are plenty of resources to learn more about 

copyright law including http://copyright.gov, http://chillingeffects.org/, 

and http://www.eff.org/issues/bloggers/legal/liability/IP, to name a few. 

 

**Tip**: In general, the photographer and NOT the subject of a photograph is the actual rights holder of 

the resulting photograph. 

What Information Do You Need To Process a Copyright Complaint? 

To submit a notice of claimed copyright infringement, you will need to provide us with the following 

information: 

1. A physical or electronic signature (typing your full name will suffice) of the copyright 

owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; 

2. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (e.g., a link to your 

original work or clear description of the materials allegedly being infringed upon); 

3. Identification of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit 

Twitter to locate the material on our website or services; 

4. Your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email 

address; 

5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner 

asserted is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and 

6. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of 

perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. 

**Tip**: If you are reporting the content of a Tweet, please give us a direct link to that Tweet following 

these instructions: https://support.twitter.com/articles/80586. Or please specify if the alleged 

infringement is in the background, avatar, etc. A LINK TO A PROFILE PAGE IS INSUFFICIENT FOR 

TWITTER TO IDENTIFY INFRINGING MATERIALS. 

How Do I File a Copyright Complaint? 

You can report alleged copyright infringement by visiting Twitter’s Help Center and filing a copyright 

report. If you are logged in to Twitter.com, you can visit the Twitter Help Center directly from your 

Twitter account by clicking the ‘Help’ link located in the sidebar. 

Please be aware that under 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), you may be liable for any damages, including costs and 

attorneys’ fees incurred by us or our users, if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or 

activity is infringing, as was the case in Lenz v. Universal and OPG v. Diebold. If you are unsure 

whether the material you are reporting is in fact infringing, you may wish to contact an attorney 

before filing a notification with us. 

How Are Claims Processed? 

We process reports in the order in which they are received. Once you&aposve submitted your ticket, we 

will email you a ticket confirmation. Please note, submitting duplicate DMCA notifications may result 

in a delay in processing. 

 

If we decide to remove or disable access to the material, we will notify the affected user(s) after 

removing or disabling access to the material, provide them with access to the reporter’s complaint 

along with instructions on how to file a counter-notice, and forward a copy of the complaint 

to Chilling Effects. 

What Happens Next? 

Twitter’s response to notices of alleged copyright infringement may include the removal or restriction 

of access to allegedly infringing material. If we remove or restrict access to user content in response to 

a notice of alleged infringement, Twitter will make a good faith effort to contact the affected account 

holder with information concerning the removal or restriction of access, including a copy of the 

takedown notice, along with instructions for filing a counter-notification. 

 

**Tip**: If you’ve not yet received a copy of the DMCA notification regarding the content removed from 

your account, please respond to the support ticket we sent you. 

 

In an effort to be as transparent as possible regarding the removal or restriction of access to user-posted 

content, we clearly mark withheld Tweets and media to indicate to viewers when content has been 

withheld (examples below). We also send a copy of each DMCA notification and counter-notice that 

we process to Chilling Effects, where they are posted to a public-facing website (with your personal 

information removed). 

Withheld Tweet: 

 

Withheld Media: 

 

Under appropriate circumstances, Twitter may suspend and warn repeat violators, and in more serious 

cases, permanently terminate user accounts. 

What Happens If I Receive a DMCA Notification? 

If you receive a DMCA notification, it means that the content described in the notification has been 

removed from Twitter or access to the content on Twitter has been restricted. Please take the time to 

read through our notice to you, which includes information on the notification we received as well as 

instructions on how to file a counter-notice. 

When Should I File a Counter-notice? 

If you believe that the material reported in the DMCA notification you received was misidentified or 

removed in error, you should file a counter-notice as per the instructions below. 

 

**Tip**: Re-posting material removed in response to a DMCA notification may result in permanent 

account suspension. If you believe the content was removed in error, please file a counter-notification 

rather than simply re-posting the material. 

What Information Do You Need to Process a Counter-notice? 

To submit a counter-notice, you will need to provide us with the following information: 

1. A physical or electronic signature (typing your full name will suffice); 

2. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been 

disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or 

access to it was disabled (the description from the DMCA notice will suffice); 

3. A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material 

was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be 

removed or disabled; and 

4. Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the 

jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is 

located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which 

Twitter may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who 

provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person. 

To submit a counter-notice, please respond to our original email notification of the removal and 

include the required information in the body of your reply as we discard all attachments for security 

reasons. 

What Happens After I Submit a Counter-notice? 

Upon receipt of a valid counter-notice, we will promptly forward a copy to the person who filed the 

original notice. If we do not receive notice within 10 business days that the original reporter is seeking 

a court order to prevent further infringement of the material at issue, we may replace or cease 

disabling access to the material that was removed. 

 

**Tip**: We cannot offer any legal advice. Should you have questions, please consult an attorney. 

Filing a DMCA Notification or Counter-notice is Serious Business! 

Please think twice before submitting a claim or counter-notice, especially if you are unsure whether 

you are the actual rights holder or authorized to act on a rights holder’s behalf. There are legal and 

financial consequences for fraudulent and/or bad faith submissions. Please be sure that you are the 

actual rights holder, or that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed in error, and 

that you understand the repercussions of submitting a false claim. 

 

Targeted abuse: Same as “Violence & Threats/Abusive behavior policy” 

 

 

Username squatting policy 

Username squatting is prohibited by The Twitter Rules. 

 

Please note that if an account has had no updates, no profile image, and there is no intent to mislead, it 

typically means there&aposs no name-squatting or impersonation. Note that we will not release inactive or 

squatted usernames except in cases of trademark infringement. If your report involves trademark 

infringement, please consult those policies for instructions for reporting these accounts. 

Attempts to sell, buy, or solicit other forms of payment in exchange for usernames are also violations 

and may result in permanent account suspension. 

 

 

 

Following Rules and Best Practices 

 

To learn more about following, please read "FAQs About Following." 

What are the limits?  

We don’t limit the number of followers you can have. However, **we do** 

**monitor how aggressively users follow other users**. We try to make 

sure that none of our limits restrain reasonable usage, and will not affect 

most Twitter users.  

We monitor all accounts for aggressive following and follow churn 

(repeatedly following and un- following large numbers of other users). 

You can read more about these below, but if you don’t follow or un-follow 

hundreds of users in a single day, and you aren’t using automated 

methods of following users, you should be fine.  

Please note that the only automated following behavior that Twitter 

allows is auto-follow-back (following a user after they have followed you). 

Automated un-following is also not permitted. Please review our 

Automation Rules and Best Practices for more information on automating 

your account.  

What is aggressive following?  

Aggressive following is defined as indiscriminately following hundreds of 

accounts just to garner attention. However, following a few users if their 

accounts seem interesting is normal and is not considered aggressive.  

What is aggressive follow churn?  

If you decide to follow someone and then change your mind later, you 

can just visit the person’s profile page and un-follow them. Aggressive 

follow churn is when an account *repeatedly* follows and then un- follows 

a large number of users. This may be done to get lots of people to notice 

them, to circumvent a Twitter limit, or to change their follower-to-following 

ratio. These behaviors negatively impact the Twitter experience for other 

users, are common spam tactics, and may lead to account suspension.  

Are there additional limits if you are following 

2000+ accounts?  

The rules about aggressive following and follow churn still apply. In 

addition, **every user can follow 2000 people total**. Once you’ve 

followed 2000 users, there are limits to the number of additional users 

you can follow: this limit is different for every user and is based on your 

ratio of followers to following.  

When you hit this limit, we’ll tell you by showing an error message in your 

browser. You’ll need to wait until you have more followers in order to 

follow more users—for example, you can&apost follow 10,000 people if only 

100 people follow you. When you reach a daily or total limit and we show 

you an error message, you&aposve hit a technical limit imposed to limit 

egregious behavior by spam accounts and to prevent strain on the site. 

These are just the technical limits for your account; in addition, you are 

prohibited from aggressive following behaviors. These behaviors may 

result in account suspension, regardless of your account&aposs technical ratio.  

Limits improve site performance by ensuring that when we send a 

person&aposs message to all of their followers, the sending of that message is 

meaningful. Follow limits cannot be lifted by Twitter, and everyone is 

subject to them, including verified and developer accounts. Based on 

current behavior in the Twitter community, we&aposve concluded that this is 

both fair and reasonable.  

Why does Twitter monitor following behavior at all? 

Isn’t this a social network?  

Twitter works quite differently from social networks: when you accept 

friend requests on other social networks like Facebook, it usually means 

you appear in that person&aposs network and they appear in yours. Following 

on Twitter is different because **following is not mutual.** Twitter allows 

people to opt- in to (or opt-out of) receiving a person&aposs updates without 

requiring a mutual relationship.  

Limits on Twitter alleviate some of the strain on the invisible part of 

Twitter, which prevents error pages and downtime on the visible part. For 

the sake of reliability, we&aposve placed limits on actions like following, API 

requests per hour, and number of updates per day (see this page for 

more information on updating and API limits).  

Finally, follower violations are one tactic that spammers often use to 

abuse Twitter. Monitoring for abuse is one way to reduce spam on 

Twitter.  

**Tip:** If you need to communicate with someone but don&apost need to see 

their updates every day, don&apost follow them. Visit their profile or send them 

an @reply when you need to; sending @replies doesn&apost require following, 

and your reply will appear in the person&aposs @mentions tab so they can 

reply back.  

What are third party applications to “Get More 

Followers Fast!”?  

You may encounter websites or applications claiming they can help you 

get lots of followers quickly. These programs may ask for payment for 

followers, or ask you to follow a list of other users in order to participate. 

**Using these is not allowed according to the Twitter Rules.**  

The Twitter Rules addresses the use of these programs by disallowing: 

using or promoting third- party sites that claim to get you more followers 

(such as follower trains, sites promising ‘more followers fast,’ or any 

other site that offers to automatically add followers to your account).  

When you give out your username and password to another site or 

application, you are giving control of your account to someone else. They 

may then post duplicated, spam, or malicious updates and links, send 

unwanted direct messages, aggressively follow, or violate other Twitter 

rules with your account. When these applications do add followers to 

your account, they are often abandoned or bot accounts that are not 

reading your updates. If a third-party application causes your account to 

violate the Twitter Rules, your account may be suspended.  

Some third-party applications have been implicated in spam behavior, 

fraud, the selling of usernames and passwords, and phishing. **Please do** 

**not give your username and password out to any third- party** 

**application that you have not thoroughly researched.**  

Revoke access for any third-party application that you don&apost recognize by 

visiting the Applications tab in Account Settings.  

Are there following limits if I&aposm whitelisted?  

Some API administrators have whitelist status so their applications can 

function without hitting certain system limits. Whitelisting means that an 

application can have more API requests per hour; it does not increase 

the follow limits. All whitelisted accounts are still subject to follow limits.  

So how am I supposed to get followers?  

Remember, Twitter isn’t a race to get the most followers. If you follow 

users that you’re interested in and post meaningful content, it’s more 

likely that legitimate users will find you and read your updates. People 

follow other users on Twitter to read updates that are interesting to them. 

Aggressively following and un-following accounts is frustrating to other 

Twitter users and degrades the Twitter experience for everyone.  

Having Trouble?  

Check out our Following Troubleshooting section for solutions to 

common problems  

 

**Automation Rules & Best Practices**

Submitted Nov 08, 2009 by **ginger** 

We’re constantly amazed by the applications and services that grow up around the Twitter platform. External 

developers have created tools and applications enabling an incredible array of uses; we&aposve seen Twitter accounts 

that help people stay updated on their city’s emergency services, connect to national health alerts, and catch up 

on the happenings of their local bridge. 

Most users will not need to review this document; however, some people are keen on automation. Unfortunately, 

spammers have also taken advantage of automation, to the frustration of genuine users. This page has 

information on what account automations are allowed and which ones could get your account filtered from search 

or even suspended or terminated. 

 

**How Automation Works** 

In order for an outside party to post to your account or perform other account actions (like following), you have to 

grant them access by either establishing a Twitter Connection or by giving them your username and password. 

Please see our help page on Connecting to Third-Party Applications for information on the difference, and how to 

revoke access for each method. 

 

Ultimately, you are responsible for the updates to your timeline and the actions of your account, which means you 

shouldn&apost give control of your account to a third-party unless you&aposve thoroughly investigated the application. If you 

decide to automate any account actions, you will need to manage your automations carefully to avoid violating 

the Twitter Rules. Violating these rules may result in account suspension or termination, or your account being 

filtered from search, regardless of whether you performed the violation manually, or allowed an automation to do 

so! 

**Automating your Tweets** 

**Automating Your Tweets Based on an Action You&aposve Completed:** 

Maybe you want to post to your Twitter timeline whenever you upload a video to YouTube, create a new photo 

album, or beat a high score in your favorite game? Sounds great! It’s generally fine to update your Twitter account 

when you complete a particular action. Just be careful—if you post similar updates too frequently, your followers 

might get a little bored! 

 

**Automating Your Tweets by Streaming External Information:** 

If you want to automate your account with a feed from your personal blog or updates from your RSS feed, please 

consider the following: 

• 

**Feeds of your own blog:** It’s generally fine to automate your account with updates of your own 

content; just be sure to review the Twitter Rules before setting up your automation. 

• 

**Feeds that go through redirects or ad pages:** If you&aposre posting automated links that redirect through 

landing or ad pages before the final content, your account may be suspended for posting misleading 

links, a violation of the Twitter Rules. 

• 

**Feeds for community benefit:** We welcome feeds that are used for community benefit or provide 

non-commercial information to a niche group of users, such as local weather feeds or transit 

information. 

 

**Automatically Tweeting to Trending Topics:** 

Trending topics are the most tweeted-about topics on Twitter. Posting to current trending topics in an automated 

fashion can degrade the experience for other users, and may result in your account being automatically filtered 

from search. If this happens, your followers will still see your tweets but you won&apost show in search results. 

Automating your tweets to include references to **unrelated** trending topics will result in account suspension. 

 

**Mass-creating Automated Accounts:** 

There are legitimate reasons why users may have multiple accounts. Serial account creation without prior 

approval, however, is not allowed. Please file a support ticket if you would like permission for creating a series of 

accounts. Include the list of accounts and your planned use of each account; accounts with overlapping use 

cases and names are generally not approved. 

 

We have allowed multiple, automated accounts for community benefit. For example, Twitter users can now find 

out when the Hubble passes overhead, whether they’re in San Francisco or Hong Kong. If the content is available 

elsewhere on Twitter, however, and does not clearly benefit a community or provide unique information to a niche 

group of users, these accounts may not be allowed. 

 

**Automated Advertising Updates:** 

We are continuing to consider the issue of advertising on the Twitter platform. We&aposre committed to encouraging 

and supporting individuals and businesses who want to discuss and promote the products they care about. At the 

same time, we’ve also seen an increase in the number of fully-automated, spam accounts promoting affiliate 

offers. These accounts use automated following, automated @replying, and serial account creation to spam other 

users with mass-created advertising. These behaviors are all prohibited by the Twitter Rules. 

The guidelines in this section are meant to both reduce automated spam on Twitter, and provide guidance for 

users interested in including advertising for others in their timeline. 

 

**Automated or mass-created affiliate advertising is not permitted on Twitter.** Updates that are posted 

automatically to your account through a tool or third-party application, for which you are compensated (whether on 

a "per-click," "per-sale," "per-tweet," or other basis), are prohibited. 

 

We’re still thinking about the full spectrum of advertising on Twitter; in the meantime, other forms of advertising 

and promotion are allowed, but subject to the rules in this document. The following forms of advertising are not 

prohibited: 

• 

Promoting your own business or website. 

• 

Tweeting unpaid consumer recommendations. 

• 

Tweeting sponsored or compensated links and updates that you have manually posted or approved. 

Your tweets may be sponsored by a third-party if you manually post or approve each sponsored tweet before it is 

posted. These updates may not be automated or scheduled in advance. The following rules also apply: 

1. 

All sponsored or paid updates must be manually approved. You should either manually post these to 

your account, or individually approve the tweets to be posted to your account. 

2. 

You shouldn&apost repeatedly post the same ad updates. 

3. 

If you&aposre using a third-party tool or application to approve and post your tweets, it must be an 

application **with Twitter OAuth approval**. Please see the FAQ below for more information. 

4. 

You should disclose when you post a compensated or sponsored update. 

 

Users combining advertising with other automations should be particularly careful to review the Twitter 

Rules and Follow Rules and Best Practices. Account suspensions may be appealed by filing a support ticket. 

Finally, please do not attempt to circumvent our guidelines on automated advertising by creating lots of bot 

accounts that promote similar or duplicate websites (or websites with scraped content); these accounts may be 

permanently suspended or terminated. 

 

**Automating other Account Actions** 

When you’re automating account behaviors like @replies, DMs, and retweets, we recommend you follow a 

general guideline: be nice to other Twitter users. In general, we take a skeptical view of disingenuous social 

action. If your actions are annoying a bunch of Twitter users, you probably will want to rethink or adjust your 

automation. Here are some more specific guidelines: 

 

**Automated @Replies:** 

The @reply function is intended to make communication between users easier, and automating this process to 

put unsolicited messages into lots of users’ reply tabs is considered an abuse of feature. If you are automatically 

sending @reply messages to a bunch of users, the recipients must request or approve this action in advance. For 

example, sending automated @replies based on keyword searches is not permitted. 

 

Users should also have an easy way to opt-out of your service (in addition to the requirement that all users must 

opt-in before receiving the messages). We review blocks and reports of spam, so you’ll need to provide a clear 

way for users to stop your messages. 

 

**Automated Retweeting of Other Users:** 

Retweeting someone means you think your followers should see their tweet. When you’re retweeting in an 

automated fashion, and especially based on an automated search or keyword, this becomes less true. 

 

We discourage the automatic retweeting of other users based on a particular keyword and may suspend or 

terminate accounts that engage in this behavior, particularly if they are being frequently blocked and reported as 

spam by the users they are retweeting. If you are rewteeting users just so they will see your update in their replies 

folder and look at your account, this is akin to @reply spam and your account may be suspended or terminated. 

 

**Automated Following and Un-Following:** 

Twitter users often review the profiles and recent tweets of their new followers. Being followed in a bulk, 

automated fashion can make this process bothersome and makes Twitter a less fun place to hang out. 

The only auto-following behavior Twitter allows is auto-follow-back (following a user after they have followed you). 

Automated un-following is also not permitted. If you find yourself frequently needing to un-follow large numbers of 

users, you might consider reviewing your criteria for following them. Please review our Follow Rules and Best 

Practices for a detailed discussion of following recommendations. 

Also note that in the general Twitter Rules that "get followers fast" applications and services are not allowed. Do 

not surrender your username and password to them. 

 

**Automating Your DMs (Direct Messages):** 

Including an automated “thanks for following” message to your new followers might be annoying to some users. 

We do not recommend, but generally do not regulate, this behavior; if you receive a DM you don’t like, you can 

un-follow that user and they will no longer be able to send you messages. 

 

**Automation that Causes Your Account to Violate the Twitter Rules:** 

If your account automation is causing your account to violate the Twitter Rules (by retweeting spam updates, 

repeatedly posting duplicate links, etc.), your account may be suspended or terminated. You are responsible for 

the updates on your account, so please do not add automations unless you are confident you will be able to 

manage your account within the rules. 

**Other Questions (FAQ)** 

**What is an application with Twitter OAuth approval?** 

As discussed above, you may post manually-approved, compensated tweets through a third-party application with 

Twitter OAuth approval. If an application has OAuth approval, the following will be true 

1. 

You allow the application access by approving their connection, not by giving out your username and 

password. 

2. 

Once approved, you’ll be able to see and revoke the connection from your connections tab. 

When tweets come from a third-party application, the name of the source is included to the right of the time-

stamp, like this: 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

