The Twitter Rules 

We believe that everyone should have the power to create and share ideas and information instantly, 

without barriers. In order to protect the experience and safety of people who use Twitter, there are some 

limitations on the type of content and behavior that we allow. These limitations are set forth in the 

Twitter Rules below. 

The Twitter Rules (along with all incorporated policies), Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service collectively 

make up the "Twitter User Agreement" that governs a user&aposs access to and use of Twitter&aposs services. 

All individuals accessing or using Twitter’s services must adhere to the policies set forth in the Twitter 

Rules. Failure to do so may result in Twitter taking one or more of the following enforcement actions: 

• requiring you to delete prohibited content before you can again create new posts and interact 

with other Twitter users; 

• temporarily limiting your ability to create posts or interact with other Twitter users; 

• asking you to verify account ownership with a phone number or email address; or 

• permanently suspending your account(s). 

If you attempt to evade a permanent suspension by creating new accounts, we will suspend your new 

accounts. 

Please note that we may need to change these Rules from time to time and reserve the right to do so. The 

most current version is always available at: https://twitter.com/rules. 

The policies set forth in these Twitter Rules govern organic content on our platform. To learn more about 

the rules which govern ads and promoted content, please review our Ads policies. 

Content Boundaries and Use of Twitter 

Intellectual property 

Trademark: We reserve the right to suspend accounts or take other appropriate action when someone’s 

brand or trademark, including business name and/or logo, is used in a manner that may mislead or 

confuse others about your brand affiliation. Read more about our trademark policy and how to report a 

violation. 

Copyright: We will respond to clear and complete notices of alleged copyright infringement. Our 

copyright procedures are set forth in our Terms of Service. Read more about our copyright policy. 

 

Graphic violence and adult content 

We consider graphic violence to be any form of gory media related to death, serious injury, violence, or 

surgical procedures. We consider adult content to be any media that is pornographic and/or may be 

intended to cause sexual arousal. Learn more about our media policy. 

Twitter allows some forms of graphic violence and/or adult content in Tweets marked as containing 

sensitive media. However, you may not use such content in your profile or header images. Additionally, 

Twitter may sometimes require you to remove excessively graphic violence out of respect for the 

deceased and their families if we receive a request from their family or an authorized representative. 

Learn more about how to make such a request, and how to mark your media as sensitive. 

 

Unlawful use 

You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance of illegal activities. By using 

Twitter, you agree to comply with all applicable laws governing your online conduct and content. 

 

Trends 

At times, we may prevent certain content from trending. This includes content that violates the Twitter 

Rules, as well as content that may attempt to manipulate trends. Read more about what we allow and do 

not allow to trend. 

 

Misuse of Twitter badges 

You may not use badges, including but not limited to the “promoted” or “verified” Twitter badges, unless 

provided by Twitter. Accounts using unauthorized badges as part of their profile photos, header photos, 

display names, or in any way that falsely implies affiliation with Twitter or authorization from Twitter to 

display these badges, may be suspended. 

 

Misuse of usernames 

Selling usernames: You may not buy or sell Twitter usernames. 

Username squatting: You may not engage in username squatting. Some of the factors we take into 

consideration when determining whether conduct is username squatting include: 

• the number of accounts created; 

• the creation of accounts for the purpose of preventing others from using those account names; 

• the creation of accounts for the purpose of selling those accounts; and 

• the use of third-party content feeds to update and maintain accounts under the names of those 

third parties. 

Please note that Twitter may also remove accounts that are inactive for more than six months. Learn 

more about username squatting. 

Abusive Behavior 

We believe in freedom of expression and open dialogue, but that means little as an underlying philosophy 

if voices are silenced because people are afraid to speak up. In order to ensure that people feel safe 

expressing diverse opinions and beliefs, we prohibit behavior that crosses the line into abuse, including 

behavior that harasses, intimidates, or uses fear to silence another user’s voice. 

Context matters when evaluating for abusive behavior and determining appropriate enforcement actions. 

Factors we may take into consideration include, but are not limited to whether: 

• the behavior is targeted at an individual or group of people; 

• the report has been filed by the target of the abuse or a bystander; 

• the behavior is newsworthy and in the legitimate public interest. 

 

Violence and physical harm 

Violence: You may not make specific threats of violence or wish for the serious physical harm, death, or 

disease of an individual or group of people. This includes, but is not limited to, threatening or promoting 

terrorism. 

Suicide or self-harm: You may not promote or encourage suicide or self-harm. When we receive reports 

that a person is threatening suicide or self-harm, we may take a number of steps to assist them, such as 

reaching out to that person and providing resources such as contact information for our mental health 

partners. 

Child sexual exploitation: You may not promote child sexual exploitation. Learn more about our zero-

tolerance child sexual exploitation policy. 

 

Abuse and hateful conduct 

Abuse: You may not engage in the targeted harassment of someone, or incite other people to do so. We 

consider abusive behavior an attempt to harass, intimidate, or silence someone else’s voice. 

Unwanted sexual advances: You may not direct abuse at someone by sending unwanted sexual content, 

objectifying them in a sexually explicit manner, or otherwise engaging in sexual misconduct. 

Hateful conduct: You may not promote violence against, threaten, or harass other people on the basis of 

race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, 

disability, or serious disease. Read more about our hateful conduct policy. 

 

Private information and intimate media 

Private information: You may not publish or post other people&aposs private information without their 

express authorization and permission. Definitions of private information may vary depending on local 

laws. Read more about our private information policy. 

Intimate media: You may not post or share intimate photos or videos of someone that were produced or 

distributed without their consent. Read more about intimate media on Twitter. 

Threats to expose / hack: You may not threaten to expose someone’s private information or intimate 

media. You also may not threaten to hack or break into someone’s digital information. 

 

Impersonation 

You may not impersonate individuals, groups, or organizations in a manner that is intended to or does 

mislead, confuse, or deceive others. While you may maintain parody, fan, commentary, or newsfeed 

accounts, you may not do so if the intent of the account is to engage in spamming or abusive behavior. 

Read more about our impersonation policy. 

Spam and Security 

We strive to protect people on Twitter from technical abuse and spam. 

To promote a stable and secure environment on Twitter, you may not do, or attempt to do, any of the 

following while accessing or using Twitter: 

• Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of Twitter, Twitter’s computer systems, or the 

technical delivery systems of Twitter’s providers (except as expressly permitted by the Twitter 

Bug Bounty program). 

• Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network, or breach or circumvent any 

security or authentication measures (except as expressly permitted by the Twitter Bug Bounty 

program). 

• Access or search, or attempt to access or search, Twitter by any means (automated or otherwise) 

other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter 

(and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically 

allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Twitter. Note that crawling Twitter is permissible 

if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file; however, scraping Twitter 

without our prior consent is expressly prohibited. 

• Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, 

or in any way use Twitter to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information. 

• Interfere with or disrupt the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, 

sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing Twitter’s services, or by 

scripting the creation of content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden 

on Twitter. 

Any accounts engaging in the following activities may be temporarily locked or subject to permanent 

suspension: 

•  Malware/Phishing: You may not publish or link to malicious content intended to damage or 

disrupt another person’s browser or computer or to compromise a person’s privacy. 

•  Spam: You may not use Twitter’s services for the purpose of spamming anyone. Spam is 

generally defined on Twitter as bulk or aggressive activity that attempts to manipulate or disrupt 

Twitter or the experience of users on Twitter to drive traffic or attention to unrelated accounts, 

products, services, or initiatives. Some of the factors that we take into account when determining 

what conduct is considered to be spamming include: 

o if you have followed and/or unfollowed a large number of of accounts in a short time 

period, particularly by automated means (aggressive following or follower churn); 

o if your Tweets or Direct Messages consist mainly of links shared without commentary; 

o if a large number of people have blocked you in response to high volumes of untargeted, 

unsolicited, or duplicative content or engagements from your account; 

o if a large number of spam complaints have been filed against you; 

o if you post duplicative or substantially similar content, replies, or mentions over multiple 

accounts or multiple duplicate updates on one account, or create duplicate or 

substantially similar accounts; 

o if you post multiple updates to a trending or popular topic with an intent to subvert or 

manipulate the topic to drive traffic or attention to unrelated accounts, products, 

services, or initiatives; 

o if you send large numbers of unsolicited replies or mentions; 

o if you add users to lists in a bulk or aggressive manner; 

o if you are randomly or aggressively engaging with Tweets (e.g., likes, Retweets, etc.) or 

users (e.g., following, adding to lists or Moments, etc.) to drive traffic or attention to 

unrelated accounts, products, services, or initiatives; 

o if you repeatedly post other people’s account information as your own (e.g., bio, Tweets, 

profile URL, etc.); 

o if you post misleading, deceptive, or malicious links (e.g., affiliate links, links to 

malware/clickjacking pages, etc.); 

o if you create fake accounts, account interactions, or impressions; 

o if you sell, purchase, or attempt to artificially inflate account interactions (such as 

followers, Retweets, likes, etc.); and 

o if you use or promote third-party services or apps that claim to get you more followers, 

Retweets, or likes (such as follower trains, sites promising "more followers fast", or any 

other site that offers to automatically add followers or engagements to your account or 

Tweets). 

Please see our support articles on following rules and best practices and automation rules and best 

practices for more detailed information about how the Rules apply to those particular account behaviors. 

Accounts created to replace suspended accounts may be permanently suspended. 

Content Visibility 

Accounts under investigation or which have been detected as sharing content in violation of these Rules 

may have their account or Tweet visibility limited in various parts of Twitter, including search. To learn 

more about situations in which content may be restricted on Twitter, please see our support article 

on search rules and restrictions. 

 

 

Trademark policy  

*Updated June 30, 2016* 

**What is a Trademark Policy Violation on Twitter?** 

Using another&aposs trademark in a manner that may mislead or confuse others about your brand affiliation may be a 

violation of our trademark policy. 

**How Does Twitter Respond to Trademark Reports?** 

We review each report and do the following: 

• 

If we determine that there is a violation of our trademark policy, we may suspend the account. In some 

instances, we may give the account holder an opportunity to comply with our policies before suspending 

the account. For more information, see our Parody, commentary, and fan account policy. 

• 

We may also provide the account holder with your name and information included in the copy of the 

report. 

• 

If you would like to report a trademark violation in a Twitter Ad, please visit our Trademark Policy for 

Promoted Ads to learn more. 

Please note that Twitter only investigates requests that are submitted by the trademark holder or by an authorized 

representative of the trademark holder. 

**What is not a Trademark Policy Violation?** 

Referencing another&aposs trademark is not automatically a violation of Twitter&aposs trademark policy. Examples include: 

• 

Using a trademark in a way that is outside the scope of the trademark registration (e.g. territory, or 

goods and services identified in the registration). 

• 

Nominative and other fair uses of trademarks are protected uses under our trademark policy, so long as 

the account is clearly distinguished from the trademark owner. This includes use by resellers in certain 

regions and accounts engaging in parody, commentary, or news. For more information, see our Parody, 

commentary, and fan account policy. 

**How do I Report a Trademark Policy Violation?** 

Submit trademark reports through our Trademark Issue support form. Using the appropriate form ensures we 

have all the information necessary to process your report quickly. Please provide all information requested in the 

form. If you submit a report with incomplete information, we will follow up with you to request that information. 

Please note that this will result in a delay in processing your report. 

If you have trouble using the form, try updating your browser or switching to another browser. 

 

 

Copyright policy 

Topics Covered: 

• What Types of Copyright Complaints Does Twitter Respond To? 

• Am I a Copyright Holder? How Do I Know? 

• What Information Do You Need To Process a Copyright Complaint? 

• How Do I File a Copyright Complaint? 

• How Are Claims Processed? 

• What Happens Next? 

• What Happens If I Receive a Copyright Notification? 

• When Should I File a Counter-notice? 

• What Information Do You Need to Process a Counter-notice? 

• What Happens After I Submit a Counter-notice? 

• Filing a Copyright Notice or Counter-notice Is Serious Business! 

 

What Types of Copyright Complaints Does Twitter Respond To? 

Twitter responds to copyright notifications submitted under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 

(“DMCA”). Section 512 of the DMCA outlines the statutory requirements necessary for formally 

reporting copyright infringement, as well as providing instructions on how an affected party can appeal a 

removal by submitting a compliant counter-notice. 

Twitter will respond to reports of alleged copyright infringement, such as allegations concerning the 

unauthorized use of a copyrighted image as a profile photo, header photo, or background, allegations 

concerning the unauthorized use of a copyrighted video or image uploaded through our media hosting 

services, or Tweets containing links to allegedly infringing materials. Note that not all unauthorized uses 

of copyrighted materials are infringements (see our Fair Use page for more information). 

 

Tip: If you are concerned about the use of your brand or entity’s name, please review 

Twitter’s Trademark Policy. If you are concerned about the use of a fictional character, please see 

our Parody, Commentary, and Fan Accounts Policy. These are generally not copyright issues. 

Am I a Copyright Holder? How Do I Know? 

If you are unsure whether you hold rights to a particular work, please consult an attorney or another 

adviser as Twitter cannot provide legal advice. There are plenty of resources to learn more about 

copyright law including http://copyright.gov, https://lumendatabase.org/, 

and http://www.eff.org/issues/bloggers/legal/liability/IP, to name a few. 

 

Tip: In general, the photographer and NOT the subject of a photograph is the actual rights holder of the 

resulting photograph. 

What Information Do You Need To Process a Copyright Complaint? 

To submit a notice of claimed copyright infringement, you will need to provide us with the following 

information: 

1. 

A physical or electronic signature (typing your full name will suffice) of the copyright 

owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; 

2. 

Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (e.g., a link to 

your original work or clear description of the materials allegedly being infringed upon); 

3. 

Identification of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit 

Twitter to locate the material on our website or services; 

4. 

Your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email 

address; 

5. 

A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner 

asserted is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and 

6. 

A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of 

perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. 

Tip: If you are reporting the content of a Tweet, please give us a direct link to that Tweet following these 

instructions: https://support.twitter.com/articles/80586. Or please specify if the alleged infringement is in 

the background, avatar, etc. A LINK TO A PROFILE PAGE IS INSUFFICIENT FOR TWITTER TO 

IDENTIFY INFRINGING MATERIALS. 

How Do I File a Copyright Complaint? 

You can report alleged copyright infringement by visiting Twitter’s Help Center and filing a copyright 

report. If you are logged in to Twitter.com, you can visit the Twitter Help Center directly from your 

Twitter account by clicking the ‘Help’ link located in the sidebar. 

Please be aware that under 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), you may be liable for any damages, including costs and 

attorneys’ fees incurred by us or our users, if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or 

activity is infringing, as was the case in Lenz v. Universal and OPG v. Diebold. If you are unsure whether 

the material you are reporting is in fact infringing, you may wish to contact an attorney before filing a 

notification with us. 

How Are Claims Processed? 

We process reports in the order in which they are received. Once you&aposve submitted your ticket, we will 

email you a ticket confirmation. Please note, submitting duplicate copyright notices may result in a delay 

in processing. 

 

If we decide to remove or disable access to the material, we will notify the affected user(s) after removing 

or disabling access to the material, provide them with access to the reporter’s complaint along with 

instructions on how to file a counter-notice, and forward a copy of the complaint to Lumen. 

What Happens Next? 

Twitter’s response to notices of alleged copyright infringement may include the removal or restriction of 

access to allegedly infringing material. If we remove or restrict access to user content in response to a 

notice of alleged infringement, Twitter will make a good faith effort to contact the affected account 

holder with information concerning the removal or restriction of access, including a copy of the 

takedown notice, along with instructions for filing a counter-notification. 

 

Tip: If you’ve not yet received a copy of the copyright notification regarding the content removed from 

your account, please respond to the support ticket we sent you. 

 

In an effort to be as transparent as possible regarding the removal or restriction of access to user-posted 

content, we clearly mark withheld Tweets and media to indicate to viewers when content has been 

withheld (examples below). We also send a copy of each copyright complaint and counter-notice that we 

process to Lumen, where they are posted to a public-facing website (with your personal information 

removed). 

Withheld Tweet: 

 

Withheld Media: 

 

Under appropriate circumstances, Twitter may suspend and warn repeat violators, and in more serious 

cases, permanently terminate user accounts. 

What Happens If I Receive a Copyright Notification? 

If you receive a copyright notification, it means that the content described in the notification has been 

removed from Twitter or access to the content on Twitter has been restricted. Please take the time to 

read through our notice to you, which includes information on the notification we received as well as 

instructions on how to file a counter-notice. 

When Should I File a Counter-notice? 

If you believe that the material reported in the copyright notification you received was misidentified or 

removed in error, you should file a counter-notice as per the instructions below. 

 

Tip: Re-posting material removed in response to a copyright notification may result in permanent 

account suspension. If you believe the content was removed in error, please file a counter-notification 

rather than simply re-posting the material. 

What Information Do You Need to Process a Counter-notice? 

To submit a counter-notice, you will need to provide us with the following information: 

1. 

A physical or electronic signature (typing your full name will suffice); 

2. 

Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled 

and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was 

disabled (the description from the copyright notice will suffice); 

3. 

A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material 

was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed 

or disabled; and 

4. 

Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the 

jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, 

or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Twitter may be 

found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification 

under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person. 

To submit a counter-notice, please respond to our original email notification of the removal and include 

the required information in the body of your reply as we discard all attachments for security reasons. 

What Happens After I Submit a Counter-notice? 

Upon receipt of a valid counter-notice, we will promptly forward a copy to the person who filed the 

original notice. If we do not receive notice within 10 business days that the original reporter is seeking a 

court order to prevent further infringement of the material at issue, we may replace or cease disabling 

access to the material that was removed. 

 

Tip: We cannot offer any legal advice. Should you have questions, please consult an attorney. 

Filing a Copyright Notice or Counter-notice is Serious Business! 

Please think twice before submitting a claim or counter-notice, especially if you are unsure whether you 

are the actual rights holder or authorized to act on a rights holder’s behalf. There are legal and financial 

consequences for fraudulent and/or bad faith submissions. Please be sure that you are the actual rights 

holder, or that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed in error, and that you 

understand the repercussions of submitting a false claim. 

 

 

Twitter media policy 

Our goal is to provide a service that allows you to discover and receive content from sources that interest 

you as well as to easily share your content with others. Below are our guidelines for making sure your 

content is labeled appropriately. 

Media on Twitter 

You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance of illegal activities. 

International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content. 

In addition, you may not feature graphic content (such as media containing pornography or excessive 

violence) in live video, or in your profile image or header image. 

If you see media you think may be in violation of our policy, see this article for information about how to 

report it. 

Your media settings 

All Twitter accounts have media settings to help Twitter understand the type of media you are posting 

and to help us assist others to find the type of content that they’re interested in. 

By appropriately marking your media settings, Twitter can identify potentially sensitive content that 

others users may not wish to see, such as violence or nudity. If you intend to regularly post such content, 

we request that you adjust your media setting: 

1. 

Log in to your account on the web at twitter.com. 

2. 

Click your profile icon in the top right navigation bar. 

3. 

Select Settings and privacy from the drop-down menu. 

4. 

Go to your Privacy and safety settings. 

5. 

Look for the Tweet media section and check the box next to Mark media you Tweet as 

containing material that may be sensitive. Note: Enabling this setting will result in others seeing 

a message when they view your profile, alerting them of potentially sensitive media and asking 

them to confirm they still want to view it. 

You can control your preferences for how and when you may see sensitive content in your media 

settings. 

What if I don’t change my media settings and post sensitive media? 

If one of your Tweets containing media is reported as sensitive, it will be sent to Twitter for review. If we 

find that the media wasn’t marked as being potentially sensitive at the time of the upload: 

• We label the media as being potentially sensitive, or in the case of live video, remove the content 

entirely. 

• We may also change your account setting to Mark media you Tweet as containing material that 

may be sensitive so that future posts are marked accordingly. 

You will receive an email letting you know that we’ve labeled your media and if we changed your media 

setting. You will be able to change your media settings on your account settings page, though this image 

and any other images that have been labeled will remain marked as potentially sensitive. 

If you repeatedly upload media that are mislabeled, the Twitter team may: 

• Label your media as having potentially sensitive content. 

• Permanently adjust your account setting to Mark media you Tweet as containing material that 

may be sensitive so that your future posts have a warning message users must click through 

before viewing your media. 

Twitter may also use automated techniques to detect and label potentially sensitive media. 

Additionally, people who visit your profile may see a message letting them know the account may 

include potentially sensitive content and asking them to confirm they still want to view it. People who 

have opted in to see possibly sensitive content will still see your account without the message. 

What happens if my profile image is in violation of the Twitter 

Rules? 

If your profile or header image contains graphic content in violation of the Twitter Rules, we 

may suspend your account and remove the offending content. Repeat violations will result in a 

permanent suspension. 

Additionally, your account may be locked if media in your profile is in violation of Twitter&aposs media 

policy. In order to unlock your account, you will need to follow our instructions and delete the media in 

violation. If your account has been locked, see this article for more information. 

Can I appeal a decision made by the Twitter team? 

If you are suspended for having a pornographic profile, header, or background image, you can appeal by 

logging in to your account and submitting an appeal here. 

There is currently no way to appeal a decision by the Twitter team that permanently changes your 

account setting to Mark media you Tweet as containing material that may be sensitive in response to 

repeated mislabeling of sensitive content. 

 

 

 

Contacting Twitter about media 

concerning a deceased family 

member 

In order to respect the wishes of loved ones, Twitter will remove imagery of deceased individuals in 

certain circumstances. Immediate family members and other authorized individuals may request the 

removal of images or video of deceased individuals, from when critical injury occurs to the moments 

before or after death, by sending a request to Twitter Inc. via our privacy form. When reviewing such 

media removal requests, Twitter considers public interest factors such as the newsworthiness of the 

content and may not be able to honor every request. 

Note: For information about contacting Twitter to deactivate the account of a deceased or incapacitated 

user, please read this article. 

 

 

How to mark media as sensitive links to Media policy 

 

 

 

FAQs about trends on Twitter 

Where can I find trends? 

Trends are available on the Twitter for iOS app, the Twitter for Android app, and twitter.com. 

On Twitter&aposs mobile apps, you can find trends listed under the trends section 

of the Explore tab 

 When signed in to twitter.com on a desktop or laptop computer, trends are 

listed in many places, including the Home timeline, Notifications, search results, and profile pages. 

How are trends determined? 

Trends are determined by an algorithm and, by default, are tailored for you based on who you 

follow, your interests, and your location. This algorithm identifies topics that are popular now, rather 

than topics that have been popular for a while or on a daily basis, to help you discover the hottest 

emerging topics of discussion on Twitter. 

Note: The number of Tweets that are related to the trends is just one of the factors the algorithm looks at 

when ranking and determining trends. Algorithmically, trends and hashtags are grouped together if they 

are related to the same topic. For instance, #MondayMotivation and #MotivationMonday may both be 

represented by #MondayMotivation. 

You can choose to see trends that are not tailored for you by selecting a specific trends location on 

twitter.com, iOS, or Android. Location trends identify popular topics among people in a specific 

geographic location. 

What does the # sign mean? 

You may notice that some trends have # sign before the word or phrase. This is called a hashtag and is 

included specifically in Tweets to mark them as relating to a topic, so that people can follow the 

conversation in search. 

Will I see world and local events in my trends? 

Yes, when signed into your account on the twitter.com, iOS, or Android, trends will be tailored for you 

based on your location and who you follow. There will be many world and local news events and 

conversations that will appear in your trends regardless of your personalization. 

Can I see trends for a specific location? 

Yes, you can view trends for a specific location on twitter.com, iOS, or Android. 

View trends via twitter.com: 

To view trends for a specific location, click Change in your trends box. You can choose to Keep tailored 

trends based on your location and who you follow, or you can select Change to choose a nearby location 

or search locations. 

 

Adjust your trends settings via Twitter for iOS: 

1. 

In the top menu, tap your profile icon. 

2. 

Tap Settings and privacy, then tap Content preferences. 

3. 

Under Explore, tap Trends. 

4. 

Drag the slider next to Trends for you to turn on and receive personalized trends. 

5. 

When the feature is disabled, you can change your location by tapping Change location. 

1. 

In the search box, type your desired trends location or choose from the list. 

 

Adjust your trends settings via Twitter for Android: 

1. 

In the top menu, you will either see a navigation menu icon 

 or 

your profile icon. Tap whichever icon you have, and select Settings and privacy. 

2. 

Tap Content preferences. 

3. 

Under Explore, tap Trends. 

4. 

Drag the slider next to Trends for you to turn on and receive personalized trends. 

5. 

When the feature is disabled, you can change your location by tapping Change location. 

1. 

In the search box, type your desired trends location or choose from the list. 

Note: If you don&apost find your preferred country or city, it means we&aposre not receiving enough Tweets from 

that geographical area to create a list. You can look up local Tweets on any topic by using advanced 

Twitter Search operators. 

What happens when I click or tap on a trend? 

Clicking or tapping any of the trends takes you to the Twitter search results for that trend. You&aposll see all 

Tweets including that phrase or hashtag. To see what people are saying about a previous trend, perform 

a search for that keyword. 

How can I participate in a trend? 

Simply post a Tweet including the exact word or phrase as it appears in the trends list (with the hashtag, 

if you see one). Due to the large number of people Tweeting about these specific trends, you may not 

always be able to find your particular Tweet in search, but your followers will always see your Tweets. 

Note: Twitter also filters searches for quality. To understand what types of behavior could cause your 

Tweets to be filtered out, read about our search rules and restrictions. 

Are there rules for trends? 

Yes. We want trends to promote healthy discussions on Twitter. This means that at times, we may 

prevent certain content from trending. These include trends that: 

• Contain profanity or adult/graphic references. 

• Incite hate on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender 

identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or disease. 

• Violate the Twitter Rules. 

In some cases, we may also consider the newsworthiness of the content, or if it is in the public interest 

when evaluating potential violations. In these cases, the content might continue to trend on our platform. 

Note that even if we prevent the hashtag or the content from appearing on the list of trending topics, you 

may still be able to access conversations around that content on Twitter. 

Trends descriptions 

Below some trends, you may see the approximate number of Tweets associated with the trend, or 

personalized context such as who in your network is Tweeting about it. 

Additionally, when a Moment is found to be relevant to a trend, we may use the title of the Moment as 

the trend’s description. 

Having trouble? 

Check out our troubleshooting section for solutions to common problems. 

 

 

 

Username squatting policy 

Username squatting is prohibited by The Twitter Rules. 

 

Please note that if an account has had no updates, no profile image, and there is no intent to mislead, it 

typically means there&aposs no name-squatting or impersonation. Note that we will not release inactive or 

squatted usernames except in cases of trademark infringement. If your report involves trademark 

infringement, please consult those policies for instructions for reporting these accounts. 

Attempts to sell, buy, or solicit other forms of payment in exchange for usernames are also violations 

and may result in permanent account suspension. 

 

 

Child sexual exploitation policy 

Twitter removes content promoting child sexual exploitation 

We do not tolerate child sexual exploitation on Twitter. When we are made aware of links to images of 

or content promoting child sexual exploitation they will be removed from the site without further notice 

and reported to The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children ("NCMEC"); we permanently 

suspend accounts promoting or containing updates with links to child sexual exploitation. 

Reporting content promoting child sexual exploitation 

If you think you&aposve found a Twitter account distributing or promoting child sexual exploitation while 

using Twitter, please click here to report it. Please provide the username and links to the relevant tweets 

that lead you to believe the account should be investigated. To find the direct status links to individual 

Tweets, see our help page. 

If you have found content elsewhere on the internet that is distributing or promoting child sexual 

exploitation, you should file a report with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children here, 

or your local law enforcement. If you believe that the content was hosted on a website outside of the 

United States, you can report it here on the International Association of Internet Hotlines website. 

NOTE: Please do NOT tweet, retweet or repost child sexual exploitation for any reason. Click here to 

report it to us immediately and we will take steps to remove it. 

Law Enforcement Agencies 

If you are a member of a law enforcement agency seeking information regarding Twitter accounts 

promoting or distributing child sexual exploitation, please see our Guidelines for Law Enforcement for 

information on our process; we also suggest you contact the National Center for Missing and Exploited 

Children (NCMEC) here, regardless of jurisdiction, to determine whether or not information on those 

accounts is already on file. 

For general law enforcement inquiries, please see our Guidelines for Law Enforcement for more 

information. 

 

 

Hateful conduct policy 

Freedom of expression means little if voices are silenced because people are afraid to speak up. We do not 

tolerate behavior that harasses, intimidates, or uses fear to silence another person’s voice. If you see 

something on Twitter that violates these rules, please report it to us. 

How our policy works 

As explained in the Twitter Rules, 

•  Hateful conduct: You may not promote violence against or directly attack or threaten other 

people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, 

religious affiliation, age, disability, or disease. We also do not allow accounts whose primary 

purpose is inciting harm towards others on the basis of these categories. 

Examples of what we do not tolerate includes, but is not limited to behavior that harasses individuals or 

groups of people with: 

• violent threats; 

• wishes for the physical harm, death, or disease of individuals or groups; 

• references to mass murder, violent events, or specific means of violence in which/with which 

such groups have been the primary targets or victims; 

• behavior that incites fear about a protected group; 

• repeated and/or or non-consensual slurs, epithets, racist and sexist tropes, or other content that 

degrades someone. 

How our enforcement works 

•  Context matters. 

o Some Tweets may seem to be abusive when viewed in isolation, but may not be when 

viewed in the context of a larger conversation. While we accept reports of violations 

from anyone, sometimes we also need to hear directly from the target to ensure that we 

have proper context. 

o The number of reports we receive does not impact whether or not something will be 

removed. However, it may help us prioritize the order in which it gets reviewed. 

•  We focus on behavior. 

o We enforce policies when someone reports behavior that is abusive and targets an entire 

protected group and/or individuals who may be members. 

o This targeting can happen in any manner (for example, @mentions, tagging a photo, and 

more). 

 

•  We have a range of enforcement options. 

o The consequences for violating our rules vary depending on the severity of the violation 

and the person’s previous record of violations. For example, we may ask someone to 

remove the offending Tweet before they can Tweet again. For other cases, we may 

suspend an account. 

 

---- 

Private information posted on 

Twitter  

Posting another person’s private and confidential information is a violation of the Twitter 

Rules. Some examples of private and confidential information include, but may not be limited 

to:  

Intimate photos or videos that were taken or distributed without the subject&aposs consent. 

Images or videos that are considered and treated as private under applicable laws. Private 

contact or financial information, such as:  

credit card information 

social security or other national identity numbers 

addresses or locations that are considered and treated as private non-public, personal phone 

numbers 

non-public, personal email addresses  

How our enforcement works  

Keep in mind that although you may consider certain information to be private, not all 

postings of such information may be a violation of this policy.  

**Context matters.**  

We may consider the context and nature of the information posted, local privacy laws, and 

other case-specific facts when determining if this policy has been violated. For example, if 

information was previously posted or displayed elsewhere on the Internet prior to being put 

on Twitter, it may not be a violation of this policy.  

**We focus on behavior.**  

We enforce policies when someone reports content where the behavior may be abusive.  

**We have a range of enforcement options.**  

The consequences for violating our rules vary depending on the severity of the violation and 

the person’s previous record of violations. For example, we may ask someone to remove the 

offending Tweet before they can Tweet again. For other cases, we may suspend an account.  

For frequently asked questions about reporting private information posted on Twitter, click 

here. To learn more about protecting your private information on Twitter and other websites, 

click here.  

 

 

 

Impersonation policy 

Impersonation is a violation of the Twitter Rules. Twitter accounts portraying another person in a 

confusing or deceptive manner may be permanently suspended under the Twitter Impersonation 

Policy. 

 

An account will not be removed if 

• 

the user shares your name but has no other commonalities, or 

• 

the profile clearly states it is not affiliated with or connected to any similarly-named 

individuals. 

Accounts with similar usernames or that are similar in appearance (e.g. the same background or avatar 

image) are not automatically in violation of the impersonation policy. In order to be impersonation, 

the account must also portray another person in a misleading or deceptive manner. 

 

Twitter users are allowed to create parody, commentary, or fan accounts. Please refer to Twitter&aposs 

Parody Policy for more information about these types of accounts. 

 

For Frequently Asked Questions about reporting impersonation on Twitter, click here. 

 

 

 

 

 

Following rules and best practices 

To learn more about following, please read "FAQs about following." 

What are the limits? 

We don’t limit the number of followers you can have. However, we do monitor how aggressively users 

follow other users. We try to make sure that none of our limits restrain reasonable usage, and will not 

affect most Twitter users. 

We monitor all accounts for aggressive following and follow churn (repeatedly following and 

unfollowing large numbers of other users). You can read more about these below, but if you don’t follow 

or unfollow hundreds of users in a single day, and you aren’t using automated methods of following users, 

you should be fine. 

Please note that Twitter does not permit any automated or bulk following or unfollowing 

behavior. Please review our Automation rules and best practices for more information on automating 

your account. 

What is aggressive following? 

Aggressive following is defined as indiscriminately following hundreds of accounts just to garner 

attention. However, following a few users if their accounts seem interesting is normal and is not 

considered aggressive. 

What is aggressive follow churn? 

If you decide to follow someone and then change your mind later, you can just visit the person’s profile 

page and unfollow them. Aggressive follow churn is when an account repeatedly follows and then 

unfollows a large number of users. This may be done to get lots of people to notice them, to circumvent a 

Twitter limit, or to change their follower-to-following ratio. These behaviors negatively impact the 

Twitter experience for other users, are common spam tactics, and may lead to account suspension. 

Are there additional limits if you are following 5000+ accounts? 

The rules about aggressive following and follow churn still apply. In addition, every user can follow 5000 

people total. Once you’ve followed 5000 users, there are limits to the number of additional users you can 

follow: this limit is different for every user and is based on your ratio of followers to following. 

When you hit this limit, we’ll tell you by showing an error message in your browser. You’ll need to wait 

until you have more followers in order to follow more users—for example, you can&apost follow 10,000 

people if only 100 people follow you. When you reach a daily or total limit and we show you an error 

message, you&aposve hit a technical limit imposed to limit egregious behavior by spam accounts and to 

prevent strain on the site. These are just the technical limits for your account; in addition, you are 

prohibited from aggressive following behaviors. These behaviors may result in account suspension, 

regardless of your account&aposs technical ratio. 

Limits improve site performance by ensuring that when we send a person&aposs message to all of their 

followers, the sending of that message is meaningful. Follow limits cannot be lifted by Twitter, and 

everyone is subject to them, including verified and developer accounts. Based on current behavior in the 

Twitter community, we&aposve concluded that this is both fair and reasonable. 

Why does Twitter monitor following behavior at all? Isn’t this a 

social network? 

Twitter works quite differently from social networks: when you accept friend requests on other social 

networks like Facebook, it usually means you appear in that person&aposs network and they appear in yours. 

Following on Twitter is different because following is not mutual. Twitter allows people to opt-in to (or 

opt-out of) receiving a person&aposs updates without requiring a mutual relationship. 

Limits on Twitter alleviate some of the strain on the invisible part of Twitter, which prevents error pages 

and downtime on the visible part. For the sake of reliability, we&aposve placed limits on actions like following, 

API requests per hour, and number of updates per day (see this page for more information on updating 

and API limits). 

Finally, follower violations are one tactic that spammers often use to abuse Twitter. Monitoring for abuse 

is one way to reduce spam on Twitter. 

What are third party applications to “Get More Followers Fast!”? 

You may encounter websites or applications claiming they can help you get lots of followers quickly. 

These programs may ask for payment for followers, or ask you to follow a list of other users in order to 

participate. Using these is not allowed according to the Twitter Rules. 

•  The Twitter Rules addresses the use of these programs by disallowing: using or promoting third-

party sites that claim to get you more followers (such as follower trains, sites promising ‘more 

followers fast,’ or any other site that offers to automatically add followers to your account). 

When you give out your username and password to another site or application, you are giving control of 

your account to someone else. They may then post duplicated, spam, or malicious updates and links, send 

unwanted direct messages, aggressively follow, or violate other Twitter rules with your account. When 

these applications do add followers to your account, they are often abandoned or bot accounts that are 

not reading your updates. If a third-party application causes your account to violate the Twitter Rules, 

your account may be suspended. 

Some third-party applications have been implicated in spam behavior, fraud, the selling of usernames and 

passwords, and phishing. Please do not give your username and password out to any third-party 

application that you have not thoroughly researched. 

Revoke access for any third-party application that you don&apost recognize by visiting the Applications tab in 

Account Settings. 

Are there following limits if I&aposm whitelisted? 

Some API administrators have whitelist status so their applications can function without hitting certain 

system limits. Whitelisting means that an application can have more API requests per hour; it does not 

increase the follow limits. All whitelisted accounts are still subject to follow limits. 

So how am I supposed to get followers? 

Remember, Twitter isn’t a race to get the most followers. If you follow users that you’re interested in and 

post meaningful content, it’s more likely that legitimate users will find you and read your updates. People 

follow other users on Twitter to read updates that are interesting to them. Aggressively following and 

unfollowing accounts is frustrating to other Twitter users and degrades the Twitter experience for 

everyone. 

Additional resources 

Users who viewed this article also found these articles helpful: 

Common following issues 

Rules and best practices 

Automation rules and best practices 

 

**Automation rules**  

*Updated November 3, 2017*  

This page is primarily intended for **developers**.  

**For Twitter users:** You are ultimately responsible for the 

actions taken with your account, or by applications associated 

with your account. Before authorizing a third-party application to 

access or use your account, make sure you&aposve thoroughly 

investigated the application and understand what it will do. If 

automated activity on your account violates the Twitter Rules or 

these automation rules, Twitter may take action on your 

account, including filtering your Tweets from search results or 

suspending your account.  

For more information on third-party applications, please see our 

article on connecting and revoking third-party applications.  

If you are a developer and have questions about these Automation Rules, please 

reach out via https://twittercommunity.com/c/rules-and-policies.  

If your application has been suspended or restricted from performing write actions, 

you may submit an appeal at /forms/platform.  

**I. Ground Rules** **Do!**  

Build solutions that automatically broadcast helpful information in Tweets.  

Run creative campaigns that auto-reply to users who engage with your content.  

Build solutions that automatically respond to users in Direct Messages.  

Try new things that help people (and comply with our rules).  

Make sure your application provides a good user experience and performs well — 

and confirm that remains the case over time.  

**Don’t!**  

Violate these or other policies. Be extra mindful of our rules about abuse and user 

privacy.  

Abuse the Twitter API or attempt to circumvent rate limits.  

Use non-API-based forms of automation, such as scripting the Twitter website. The 

use of these techniques may result in the permanent suspension of your account.  

Spam or bother users, or otherwise send them unsolicited messages.  

**A. The Twitter Rules and the Developer Agreement and Policy**  

As with all activity on Twitter, automated activity is subject to 

the Twitter Rules and, if you’re a developer using the Twitter 

API, the Developer Agreement and Policy.  

You should carefully review these policies to ensure that your 

automated activity is compliant. Automated applications or 

activities that violate these policies, or that facilitate or induce 

users to violate them, may be subject to enforcement action, 

potentially including suspension of associated Twitter accounts. 

We may also rate limit, suspend, or terminate developers’ 

access to the Twitter API based on violations of these policies.  

Although all aspects of the Twitter Rules and the Developer 

Agreement and Policy apply to automated activity, you should 

keep the following rules top of mind:  

**Spamming:** You may not send automated Tweets or Direct 

Messages that are spam, or otherwise engage in spamming 

activity. Some examples of spammy behavior to avoid with 

automation include:  

*Trending topics:* You may not automatically post about trending topics on Twitter, or 

use automation to attempt to influence or manipulate trending topics.  

*Multiple posts/accounts:* You may not post duplicative or substantially similar Tweets 

on one account or over multiple accounts you operate.  

**Duplicate accounts:** You may not create and/or automate 

multiple accounts for duplicative or substantially similar use 

cases.  

However, automating multiple accounts for related but non-duplicative use cases is 

permitted. For example, you may automate separate accounts to Tweet when the 

Hubble Space Telescope passes over different cities, such as San Francisco or 

Hong Kong.  

**Misleading links:** You may not send automated Tweets or 

Direct Messages containing links that are misleading, including 

links that maliciously or deceptively redirect through landing 

pages or ad pages before displaying the final content.  

**Sensitive media:** Automated Tweets and Direct Messages 

must comply with the Twitter media policy, and you should mark 

your account as potentially sensitive if you intend to post 

graphic, pornographic, or potentially sensitive media.  

**Abusive behavior:** You may not engage in any automated 

activity that encourages, promotes, or incites abuse, violence, 

hateful conduct, or harassment, on or off Twitter.  

**Private information:** You may not post private or confidential 

information about a person without their prior express 

authorization.  

**B. Other Ground Rules for Automated Activity**  

In addition to the policies above, the following ground rules 

apply to all automated activity on Twitter:  

**Don’t surprise or mislead users:** Automated activity should honor users’ 

expectations. Ask for the user’s permission before taking an action if you aren’t sure.  

**Mature content or profanity:** Don’t Direct Message, mention, or reply to users with 

potentially sensitive content (including profanity), unless they’ve clearly indicated an 

intent to receive it in advance.  

**Be thoughtful about the information you request or exchange on Twitter**  

Tweets: Don’t ask users to send you personal or private information via a public 

Tweet. If you need additional personal or private information from a user to provide 

them with customer service (or other similar use cases), you should ask the user to 

share such information by Direct Message or another private channel. You might 

even consider adding a Direct Message deep link to your Tweet.  

Direct Messages: You should only ask users for the minimum amount of information 

you need to provide them with service. If you need to request or exchange 

particularly sensitive information (such as credit card information), you should 

consider directing users to your website or other appropriate channel to do so.  

**II. Activity-Specific Rules**  

The activity-specific rules in this section apply to taking specific 

automated actions on Twitter. Please read these rules carefully, 

as they outline both permitted and prohibited use cases of 

automation.  

Automated applications or activities that violate these rules, or 

that facilitate or induce users to violate them, may be subject to 

enforcement action, including suspension of associated Twitter 

accounts. We may also rate limit, suspend, or terminate 

developers’ access the Twitter API based on violations of these 

rules. As a reminder, you should also carefully review the spam 

guidelines in the Twitter Rules to avoid having activities 

performed by you, your app, or other users through your app or 

service flagged as spam.  

**A. Automated Actions Through Another User’s Account**  

Twitter users may authorize your app or service to access their 

Twitter account through OAuth. A user authorizing your app or 

service to access their Twitter account through OAuth does not 

by itself constitute sufficient consent to take automated actions 

through that user’s account.  

You may only take automated actions through another Twitter 

user’s account if you:  

clearly describe to the user the types of automated actions that will occur; receive 

express consent from the user to take those automated actions; and immediately 

honor a user’s request to opt-out of further automated actions.  

If you substantially change the purpose or functionality of your 

app or service, you must re-obtain express consent from the 

user to take automated action through their account before 

doing so.  

These requirements apply to any automated action taken 

through another Twitter user’s account, including posting 

Tweets, sending Direct Messages, deleting Tweets or Direct 

Messages, or following/unfollowing other accounts. For 

applications that offer users the ability to delete Tweets in a 

bulk or automated manner, you must also clearly state that 

Tweets are not recoverable once deleted.  

**B. Automated Tweets**  

1. Posting automated Tweets  

**Automated Tweets that cross-post outside information:** 

You may post automated Tweets based on sources of outside 

information — such as an RSS feed, weather data, etc. — as 

long as you are sufficiently authorized to publish such 

information.  

**Other automated Tweets (excluding mentions or replies):** 

Provided you comply with all other rules, you may post 

automated Tweets for entertainment, informational, or novelty 

purposes. As a reminder, accounts posting duplicative, 

spammy, or otherwise prohibited content may be subject to 

suspension.  

2. Posting automated mentions and replies  

The reply and mention functions are intended to make 

communication between Twitter users easier. Automating these 

actions to reach many users on an unsolicited basis is an abuse 

of the feature, and is not permitted. For example, sending 

automated replies to Tweets based on keyword searches alone 

is not permitted. Spammy or duplicative use of mentions and 

replies may result in enforcement action, such as the removal of 

your Tweets from Search or the suspension of your app or 

account.  

However, you may send automated replies or mentions to 

Twitter users so long as:  

in advance of sending the automated reply, the recipient or mentioned user(s) have 

requested or have clearly indicated an intent on Twitter to be contacted by you (i.e. 

opted in), for example by replying to a Tweet from your account, or by sending you a 

Direct Message;  

you provide a clear and easy way for such users to opt-out of receiving automated 

replies and mentions, and promptly honor all such opt-out requests;  

you only send one automated reply or mention per user interaction; and  

the automated reply or mention is a reply to the user’s original Tweet (if your 

campaign is based on users posting a reply to your Tweet).  

Opt-in techniques and indications of user intent take many 

different forms, depending on the specifics of your use case 

and implementation. Some examples include:  

A Tweet from your account that clearly indicates that a user taking a specific action 

on that Tweet (such as Retweeting it) will opt the user into receiving an automated 

response.  

A mention of your account by the user in a manner suggesting the user clearly 

wishes or intends to receive a response. If you want to run an auto-reply campaign 

with a campaign- or use-case-specific hashtag, users should also mention you in 

their Tweets.  

Note that a user following your account is not on its own a 

sufficient indication of user intent to receive an automated 

response.  

Note: **Advertisers, publishers, and brands using auto-**

**response campaigns must request approval from Twitter** 

**and may be subject to additional rules.** Please reach out to 

your account or partner manager for assistance. If you do not 

have a partner manager but are interested in managed client 

services, you can learn more here.  

Additionally, we recommend that any accounts that will 

communicate with  

users via automated mentions or replies:  

Note 

1. Appropriately filter responses based on potentially sensitive language in user 

handles,  

display names, and Tweet text, as well as potentially sensitive media;  

2. Check that the Tweet you are mentioning or replying to still exists (for example, 

using the statuses/lookup endpoint on the Twitter API).  

**C. Automated Direct Messages** 

**Sending automated Direct Messages to users**  

You may not send unsolicited Direct Messages in a bulk or 

automated manner, and should be thoughtful about the 

frequency with which you contact users via Direct Message.  

You may send automated Direct Messages to users so long as:  

in advance of sending the Direct Message, the recipient(s) have requested or have 

clearly indicated an intent on Twitter to be contacted by you via Direct Message, for 

example by sending you a Direct Message; **and**  

you provide a clear and easy way for such users to opt-out of receiving automated 

Direct Messages, and promptly honor all such opt-out requests.  

The fact that a user is technically able to receive a Direct 

Message from you (e.g. because the user follows you, has 

enabled the ability to receive Direct Messages from any 

account, or because the user is in a pre-existing Direct 

Message conversation with you) does not necessarily mean 

they have requested or expect to receive automated Direct 

Messages from you.  

**Interacting with users via Direct Message**  

Per the Ground Rules, remember to be thoughtful about the 

amount and type of information you request or exchange with 

users via Direct Messages. If you will be asking a user to 

provide personal or private information via an automated Direct 

Message, you must clearly explain how you will use the 

information you’re collecting. Consider including a link to your 

privacy policy in your Direct Message to the user, as well as in 

your Twitter profile bio.  

Don’t publicly share information received in a Direct Message 

conversation with a user without first obtaining explicit consent 

from the user. For example, if a user asks you via Direct 

Message about a purchase they made from you, you may not 

mention the user in a public Tweet that includes information 

about their purchase unless you have the user’s explicit 

consent to do so.  

After a user-initiated interaction ends, don’t send additional 

follow-up Direct Messages or mention users in a Tweet unless 

you get permission from the user.  

**D. Automated actions you take on Tweets or accounts** 

**Automated likes:** You may not like Tweets in an automated 

manner.  

**Automated Retweets:** Provided you comply with all other 

rules, you may Retweet or Quote Tweet in an automated 

manner for entertainment, informational, or novelty purposes. 

Automated Retweets often lead to negative user experiences, 

and bulk, aggressive, or spammy Retweeting is a violation of 

the Twitter Rules.  

**Automated following/unfollowing:** You may not follow or 

unfollow Twitter accounts in a bulk, aggressive, or 

indiscriminate manner. Aggressive following is a violation of the 

Twitter Rules. Please also review our following rules and best 

practices to ensure you are in compliance. Note that 

applications that claim to get users more followers are also 

prohibited under the Twitter Rules.  

**Automated adding to lists or collections:** You may not add 

Twitter users to lists or add Tweets to collections in a bulk or 

indiscriminate manner. Adding a large number of unrelated 

users to lists is a violation of the Twitter Rules.  

 

 

Twitter search rules and restrictions 

This article details the rules for using Twitter search, and explains reasons why content may not show up 

in Twitter search. 

Why doesn&apost all content show up in Twitter search? 

In order to keep your search results relevant, Twitter filters search results for quality Tweets and 

accounts. Material that jeopardizes search quality or creates a bad search experience for other people may 

be automatically removed from Twitter search. Read more about this here. 

General rules for using Twitter search 

The Twitter Rules explain what behaviors are permitted on Twitter. In addition to these rules, we&aposve 

included some tips below to keep your content relevant (and your Tweets in Twitter search). 

Please do not: 

• Repeatedly post duplicate or near-duplicate content (links or Tweets). 

• Abuse trending topics or hashtags (topic words with a # sign). 

• Send automated Tweets or replies. 

• Use bots or applications to post similar messages based on keywords. 

• Post similar messages over multiple accounts. 

• Aggressively follow and unfollow people. 

Twitter may automatically remove accounts engaging in these behaviors from search (or even suspend in 

some cases) in order to ensure the best experience for everyone. 

Search results filtering 

To learn how to filter your search results, including how to disable or enable safe search, read our Using 

Twitter search article. 

Search results filtering in third-party applications 

Accounts may be filtered from search for posting similar messages over several accounts. Your account 

may be filtered from search if you are logged into a third-party application that is updating 

many accounts with similar or duplicate content. 

Rules for participating in contests on Twitter 

Businesses sometimes host contests and offer prizes to Retweet an update, following a particular account, 

or posting Tweets with a specific hashtag topic or reply. If you’re running a contest, check out 

this article for guidelines for contests on Twitter. 

If you repeatedly post near-duplicate updates or duplicate links in order to enter contests, you may be 

filtered from search. Please keep in mind that you are responsible for the updates that you post to your 

Twitter account. 

What to do if you are missing from search 

Please see this article for more information related to this issue. 

If you are being filtered from search, rest assured that your followers will still receive your updates. If you 

post a reply or mention to a specific person, it will be delivered to that person. 

Having trouble? 

You can learn more about searching by keyword, location, and trending topics in our Using Twitter 

search help article. Our search troubleshooting section includes solutions to common issues related to 

search. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

