[YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Reporting and enforcement](/youtube/topic/2803138?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Privacy and safety center](/youtube/topic/2803240?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Copyright and rights management](/youtube/topic/2676339?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)
    

*   [YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248)
*   [Firearms policy](/youtube/answer/7667605)

Firearms policy
===============

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. **T****ake the time to carefully read the policy below**. You can also check out [this page](/youtube/answer/9288567) for a full list of our guidelines.

Content intended to sell firearms, instruct viewers on how to make firearms, ammunition, and certain accessories, or instruct viewers on how to install those accessories is not allowed on YouTube. YouTube shouldn't be used as a platform to sell firearms or accessories noted below. YouTube also doesn’t allow [live streams](https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/9257891) that show someone holding, handling, or transporting a firearm. 

What this means for you
-----------------------

#### If you're posting content

Don’t post content on YouTube if the purpose is to do one or more of the following:

*   Sell firearms or certain firearms accessories through direct sales (e.g. private sales by individuals) or links to sites that sell these items. These accessories may include:
    *   Accessories that enable a firearm to simulate automatic fire,
    *   Accessories that convert a firearm to automatic fire, such as: bump stocks, gatling triggers, drop-in auto sears, or conversion kits,
    *   High capacity magazines or belts carrying more than 30 rounds.
*   Provide instructions on manufacturing any of the following:
    *   Firearms,
    *   Ammunition,
    *   High capacity magazines,
    *   Homemade silencers/suppressors,
    *   Accessories that enable a firearm to simulate automatic fire,
    *   Accessories that convert a firearm to automatic fire, such as: bump stocks, gatling triggers, drop-in auto sears, or conversion kits
*   Provide instructions on how to convert a firearm to automatic or simulated automatic firing capabilities.
*   Provides instructions on how to install the above-mentioned accessories or modifications.

Please note this is not a complete list.

Examples
--------

Here are some examples of content that isn’t allowed on YouTube.

*   Links in the title or description of your video to sites where firearms or the accessories noted above are sold. You can link to sites that discuss or review these items as long as those sites don’t sell those items directly.
*   Displaying a firearm with the intention to sell that firearm via private sale. This includes giving the seller’s phone number, email address, or other contact information.
*   Showing users step-by-step instructions on how to finish a lower receiver in order to complete fabrication of a firearm.
*   Showing users how to make a silencer out of flashlight, oil can, solvent catcher or other parts.
*   Showing users how to install a bump stock, or install a comparable accessory built to enable simulated automatic fire.

*   Live streams that feature someone holding or handling a firearm, regardless of whether or not they are firing it. Note: this does not include firearms in video games.
*   Live streams that feature someone transporting firearms from place to place, such as by carrying them or traveling with them by car, truck, or other vehicle. Note: this does not include firearms in video games.  
     

Please remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

What happens if content violates this policy
--------------------------------------------

If your content violates this policy, we’ll remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you’ll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. If it’s not, we may issue a strike against your channel. If you get 3 strikes within 90 days, your channel will be terminated. You can learn more about [our strikes system here](/youtube/answer/2802032).

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. You can learn more about [channel or account terminations here](/youtube/answer/2802168).

If you find content that violates this policy, report it. Instructions for reporting violations of our Community Guidelines [are available here](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027). If you've found a few videos or comments that you would like to report, you can [report the channel](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027#report_channel).

Was this helpful?