**The Twitter Rules**  

Submitted Jan 14 by **crystal**  

Our goal is to provide a service that allows you to discover and receive content from 

sources that interest you as well as to share your content with others. We respect the 

ownership of the content that users share and each user is responsible for the 

content he or she provides. Because of these principles, we do not actively monitor 

user’s content and will not censor user content, except in limited circumstances 

described below.  

**Content Boundaries and Use of Twitter**  

In order to provide the Twitter service and the ability to communicate and stay 

connected with others, there are some limitations on the type of content that can be 

published with Twitter. These limitations comply with legal requirements and make 

Twitter a better experience for all. We may need to change these rules from time to 

time and reserve the right to do so. Please check back here to see the latest.  

***Impersonation:** You may not impersonate others through the Twitter service in a 

manner that does or is intended to mislead, confuse, or deceive others  

*** Trademark:** We reserve the right to reclaim user names on behalf of businesses or 

individuals that hold legal claim or trademark on those user names. Accounts using 

business names and/or logos to mislead others will be permanently suspended.  

***Privacy**: You may not publish or post other people&aposs private and confidential 

information, such as credit card numbers, street address or Social Security/National 

Identity numbers, without their express authorization and permission.  

***Violence and Threats**: You may not publish or post direct, specific threats of 

violence against others. ***Copyright:** We will respond to clear and complete notices 

of alleged copyright infringement. Our copyright  

procedures are set forth in the Terms of Service.  

***Unlawful Use**: You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or for 

promotion of illegal activities. International users agree to comply with all local laws 

regarding online conduct and acceptable content.  

***Verified accounts**: You may not use the Verified Account badge unless it is 

provided by Twitter. Accounts using the badge as part of profile pictures, background 

images, or in any way implying false verification will be permanently suspended.  

**Spam and Abuse**  

Twitter strives to protect its users from spam and abuse. Technical abuse and user 

abuse is not tolerated on Twitter.com, and will result in permanent suspension. Any 

accounts engaging in the activities specified below are subject to permanent 

suspension.  

*** Serial Accounts:** You may not create serial accounts for disruptive or abusive 

purposes. Mass account creation will result in suspension of all accounts.  

*** Name Squatting**: You may not engage in name squatting. Accounts that are 

inactive for more than 6 months may also be removed without further notice. Some of 

the factors that we take into account when determining what conduct is considered to 

be name squatting are:  

the number of accounts created 

creating accounts for the purpose of preventing others from using those account 

names 

creating accounts for the purpose of selling those accounts 

using feeds of third-party content to update and maintain accounts under the names 

of those third parties  

***Invitation spam:** You may not use Twitter.com&aposs address book contact import to 

send repeat, mass invitations ***Selling user names:** Unless you have been 

specifically permitted to do so in a separate agreement with Twitter, you  

agree that you will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the Services for 

any purpose.  

Where "Services" is defined as follows: Your use of Twitter’s products, services and 

web sites (referred to collectively as the “Services” in this document and excluding 

any services provided to you by Twitter under a separate written agreement) is 

subject to the terms of a legal agreement between you and Twitter.  

***Malware/Phishing**: You may not publish or link to malicious content intended to 

damage or disrupt another user’s browser or computer or to compromise a user’s 

privacy.  

***Spam:** You may not use the Twitter service for the purpose of spamming anyone. 

What constitutes “spamming” will evolve as we respond to new tricks and tactics by 

spammers. Some of the factors that we take into account when determining what 

conduct is considered to be spamming are:  

If you have followed a large amount of users in a short amount of time;  

If you have followed and unfollowed people in a short time period, particularly by 

automated means (aggressive follower churn);  

If you repeatedly follow and unfollow people, whether to build followers or to garner 

more attention for your profile;  

If you have a small number of followers compared to the amount of people you are 

following; If your updates consist mainly of links, and not personal updates; 

If a large number of people are blocking you; 

The number of spam complaints that have been filed against you;  

If you post duplicate content over multiple accounts or multiple duplicate updates on 

one account If you post multiple unrelated updates to a topic using # 

If you post multiple unrelated updates to a trending or popular topic 

If you send large numbers of duplicate @replies  

If you send large numbers of unsolicited @replies in an attempt to spam a service or 

link If you repost other user’s content without attribution.  

If you have attempted to "sell" followers, particularly through tactics considered 

aggressive following or follower churn.  

Using or promoting third-party sites that claim to get you more followers (such as 

follower trains, sites promising "more followers fast," or any other site that offers to 

automatically add followers to your account).  

Your account may be suspended for Terms of Service violations if any of the above 

is true; accounts created to replace suspended accounts will be permanently 

suspended.  

***Pornography:** You may not use obscene or pornographic images in either your 

profile picture or user background.  

**Accounts engaging in any of these behaviors may be investigated for abuse.** 

**Accounts under investigation may be removed from Search for quality. Twitter** 

**reserves the right to immediately terminate your account without further notice** 

**in the event that, in its judgment, you violate these Rules or the Terms of** 

**Service.**  

 

If you post multiple unrelated updates to a trending or popular topic 

If you send large numbers of duplicate @replies 

If you send large numbers of unsolicited @replies in an attempt to spam a service or 

link 

If you repost other user’s content without attribution. 

If you have attempted to "sell" followers, particularly through tactics considered 

aggressive following or follower churn.  

Your account may be suspended for Terms of Service violations if any of the above 

is true; accounts created to replace suspended accounts will be permanently 

suspended.  

***Pornography:** You may not use obscene or pornographic images in either your 

profile picture or user background.  

**Accounts engaging in any of these behaviors may be investigated for abuse.** 

**Accounts under investigation may be removed from Search for quality. Twitter** 

**reserves the right to immediately terminate your account without further notice** 

**in the event that, in its judgment, you violate these Rules or the Terms of** 

**Service.**  

 

