The Twitter Rules (20120919*) 

Our goal is to provide a service that allows you to discover and receive content from sources that 

interest you as well as to share your content with others. We respect the ownership of the content that 

users share and each user is responsible for the content he or she provides. Because of these principles, 

we do not actively monitor user’s content and will not censor user content, except in limited 

circumstances described below. 

Content Boundaries and Use of Twitter 

In order to provide the Twitter service and the ability to communicate and stay connected with others, 

there are some limitations on the type of content that can be published with Twitter. These limitations 

comply with legal requirements and make Twitter a better experience for all. We may need to change 

these rules from time to time and reserve the right to do so. Please check back here to see the latest. 

• 

**Impersonation:** You may not impersonate others through the Twitter service in a 

manner that does or is intended to mislead, confuse, or deceive others 

• 

**Trademark:** We reserve the right to reclaim user names on behalf of businesses or 

individuals that hold legal claim or trademark on those user names. Accounts using 

business names and/or logos to mislead others will be permanently suspended. 

• 

**Privacy**: You may not publish or post other people&aposs private and confidential 

information, such as credit card numbers, street address or Social Security/National 

Identity numbers, without their express authorization and permission. 

• 

**Violence and Threats**: You may not publish or post direct, specific threats of violence 

against others. 

• 

**Copyright:** We will respond to clear and complete notices of alleged copyright 

infringement. Our copyright procedures are set forth in the Terms of Service. 

• 

**Unlawful Use**: You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance 

of illegal activities. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding 

online conduct and acceptable content. 

• 

**Misuse of Twitter Badges**: You may not use a Verified Account badge or Promoted 

Products badge unless it is provided by Twitter. Accounts using these badges as part of 

profile pictures, background images, or in a way that falsely implies affiliation with 

Twitter will be suspended. 

Spam and Abuse 

Twitter strives to protect its users from spam and abuse. Technical abuse and user abuse is not tolerated 

on Twitter.com, and will result in permanent suspension. Any accounts engaging in the activities 

specified below are subject to permanent suspension. 

• 

**Serial Accounts:** You may not create serial accounts for disruptive or abusive purposes, 

or with overlapping use cases. Mass account creation may result in suspension of all 

related accounts. Please note that any violation of the Twitter Rules is cause for 

permanent suspension of all accounts. 

• 

**Username Squatting**: You may not engage in username squatting. Accounts that are 

inactive for more than 6 months may also be removed without further notice. Some of 

the factors that we take into account when determining what conduct is considered to be 

username squatting are: 

• 

the number of accounts created 

• 

creating accounts for the purpose of preventing others from using those 

account names 

• 

creating accounts for the purpose of selling those accounts 

• 

using feeds of third-party content to update and maintain accounts under 

the names of those third parties 

• 

**Invitation spam:** You may not use Twitter.com&aposs address book contact import to send 

repeat, mass invitations. 

• 

**Selling user names:** You may not buy or sell Twitter usernames. 

• 

**Malware/Phishing**: You may not publish or link to malicious content intended to 

damage or disrupt another user’s browser or computer or to compromise a user’s 

privacy. 

• 

**Spam:** You may not use the Twitter service for the purpose of spamming anyone. What 

constitutes “spamming” will evolve as we respond to new tricks and tactics by 

spammers. Some of the factors that we take into account when determining what 

conduct is considered to be spamming are: 

• 

If you have followed a large amount of users in a short amount of time; 

• 

If you have followed and unfollowed people in a short time period, 

particularly by automated means (aggressive follower churn); 

• 

If you repeatedly follow and unfollow people, whether to build followers or 

to garner more attention for your profile; 

• 

If you have a small number of followers compared to the amount of people 

you are following; 

• 

If your updates consist mainly of links, and not personal updates; 

• 

If you post misleading links; 

• 

If a large number of people are blocking you; 

• 

The number of spam complaints that have been filed against you; 

• 

If you post duplicate content over multiple accounts or multiple duplicate 

updates on one account; 

• 

If you post multiple unrelated updates to a topic using #; 

• 

If you post multiple unrelated updates to a trending or popular topic; 

• 

If you send large numbers of duplicate @replies or mentions; 

• 

If you send large numbers of unsolicited @replies or mentions in an attempt 

to spam a service or link; 

• 

If you add a large number of unrelated users to lists in an attempt to spam a 

service or link; 

• 

If you repeatedly post other users&apos Tweets as your own; 

• 

If you have attempted to "sell" followers, particularly through tactics 

considered aggressive following or follower churn; 

• 

Creating or purchasing accounts in order to gain followers; 

• 

Using or promoting third-party sites that claim to get you more followers 

(such as follower trains, sites promising "more followers fast," or any other 

site that offers to automatically add followers to your account); 

• 

If you create false or misleading Points of Interest; 

• 

If you create Points of Interest to namesquat or spam. 

• 

**Pornography:** You may not use obscene or pornographic images in either your profile 

picture or user background 

Your account may be suspended for Terms of Service violations if any of the above is true. Please see 

our help pages on Following Best Practices and Automation Rules and Best Practices for a more 

detailed discussion of how the Rules apply to those particular account behaviors. Accounts created to 

replace suspended accounts will be permanently suspended. 

Accounts engaging in any of these behaviors may be investigated for abuse. Accounts under 

investigation may be removed from Search for quality. Twitter reserves the right to immediately 

terminate your account without further notice in the event that, in its judgment, you violate these 

Rules or the Terms of Service. 

Having Trouble? 

Check out our complete list of articles outlining our policies, guidelines, and best practices. 

 

 

 

Following Rules and Best Practices 

(20110919*) 

 

To learn more about following, please read "FAQs About Following." 

What are the limits?  

We don’t limit the number of followers you can have. However, **we do** 

**monitor how aggressively users follow other users**. We try to make 

sure that none of our limits restrain reasonable usage, and will not affect 

most Twitter users.  

We monitor all accounts for aggressive following and follow churn 

(repeatedly following and un- following large numbers of other users). 

You can read more about these below, but if you don’t follow or un-follow 

hundreds of users in a single day, and you aren’t using automated 

methods of following users, you should be fine.  

Please note that the only automated following behavior that Twitter 

allows is auto-follow-back (following a user after they have followed you). 

Automated un-following is also not permitted. Please review our 

Automation Rules and Best Practices for more information on automating 

your account.  

What is aggressive following?  

Aggressive following is defined as indiscriminately following hundreds of 

accounts just to garner attention. However, following a few users if their 

accounts seem interesting is normal and is not considered aggressive.  

What is aggressive follow churn?  

If you decide to follow someone and then change your mind later, you 

can just visit the person’s profile page and un-follow them. Aggressive 

follow churn is when an account *repeatedly* follows and then un- follows 

a large number of users. This may be done to get lots of people to notice 

them, to circumvent a Twitter limit, or to change their follower-to-following 

ratio. These behaviors negatively impact the Twitter experience for other 

users, are common spam tactics, and may lead to account suspension.  

Are there additional limits if you are following 

2000+ accounts?  

The rules about aggressive following and follow churn still apply. In 

addition, **every user can follow 2000 people total**. Once you’ve 

followed 2000 users, there are limits to the number of additional users 

you can follow: this limit is different for every user and is based on your 

ratio of followers to following.  

When you hit this limit, we’ll tell you by showing an error message in your 

browser. You’ll need to wait until you have more followers in order to 

follow more users—for example, you can&apost follow 10,000 people if only 

100 people follow you. When you reach a daily or total limit and we show 

you an error message, you&aposve hit a technical limit imposed to limit 

egregious behavior by spam accounts and to prevent strain on the site. 

These are just the technical limits for your account; in addition, you are 

prohibited from aggressive following behaviors. These behaviors may 

result in account suspension, regardless of your account&aposs technical ratio.  

Limits improve site performance by ensuring that when we send a 

person&aposs message to all of their followers, the sending of that message is 

meaningful. Follow limits cannot be lifted by Twitter, and everyone is 

subject to them, including verified and developer accounts. Based on 

current behavior in the Twitter community, we&aposve concluded that this is 

both fair and reasonable.  

Why does Twitter monitor following behavior at all? 

Isn’t this a social network?  

Twitter works quite differently from social networks: when you accept 

friend requests on other social networks like Facebook, it usually means 

you appear in that person&aposs network and they appear in yours. Following 

on Twitter is different because **following is not mutual.** Twitter allows 

people to opt- in to (or opt-out of) receiving a person&aposs updates without 

requiring a mutual relationship.  

Limits on Twitter alleviate some of the strain on the invisible part of 

Twitter, which prevents error pages and downtime on the visible part. For 

the sake of reliability, we&aposve placed limits on actions like following, API 

requests per hour, and number of updates per day (see this page for 

more information on updating and API limits).  

Finally, follower violations are one tactic that spammers often use to 

abuse Twitter. Monitoring for abuse is one way to reduce spam on 

Twitter.  

**Tip:** If you need to communicate with someone but don&apost need to see 

their updates every day, don&apost follow them. Visit their profile or send them 

an @reply when you need to; sending @replies doesn&apost require following, 

and your reply will appear in the person&aposs @mentions tab so they can 

reply back.  

What are third party applications to “Get More 

Followers Fast!”?  

You may encounter websites or applications claiming they can help you 

get lots of followers quickly. These programs may ask for payment for 

followers, or ask you to follow a list of other users in order to participate. 

**Using these is not allowed according to the Twitter Rules.**  

The Twitter Rules addresses the use of these programs by disallowing: 

using or promoting third- party sites that claim to get you more followers 

(such as follower trains, sites promising ‘more followers fast,’ or any 

other site that offers to automatically add followers to your account).  

When you give out your username and password to another site or 

application, you are giving control of your account to someone else. They 

may then post duplicated, spam, or malicious updates and links, send 

unwanted direct messages, aggressively follow, or violate other Twitter 

rules with your account. When these applications do add followers to 

your account, they are often abandoned or bot accounts that are not 

reading your updates. If a third-party application causes your account to 

violate the Twitter Rules, your account may be suspended.  

Some third-party applications have been implicated in spam behavior, 

fraud, the selling of usernames and passwords, and phishing. **Please do** 

**not give your username and password out to any third- party** 

**application that you have not thoroughly researched.**  

Revoke access for any third-party application that you don&apost recognize by 

visiting the Applications tab in Account Settings.  

Are there following limits if I&aposm whitelisted?  

Some API administrators have whitelist status so their applications can 

function without hitting certain system limits. Whitelisting means that an 

application can have more API requests per hour; it does not increase 

the follow limits. All whitelisted accounts are still subject to follow limits.  

So how am I supposed to get followers?  

Remember, Twitter isn’t a race to get the most followers. If you follow 

users that you’re interested in and post meaningful content, it’s more 

likely that legitimate users will find you and read your updates. People 

follow other users on Twitter to read updates that are interesting to them. 

Aggressively following and un-following accounts is frustrating to other 

Twitter users and degrades the Twitter experience for everyone.  

Having Trouble?  

Check out our Following Troubleshooting section for solutions to 

common problems  

 

**Automation Rules & Best Practices** **(2010/01)** 

Submitted Nov 08, 2009 by **ginger** 

We’re constantly amazed by the applications and services that grow up around the Twitter platform. External 

developers have created tools and applications enabling an incredible array of uses; we&aposve seen Twitter accounts 

that help people stay updated on their city’s emergency services, connect to national health alerts, and catch up 

on the happenings of their local bridge. 

Most users will not need to review this document; however, some people are keen on automation. Unfortunately, 

spammers have also taken advantage of automation, to the frustration of genuine users. This page has 

information on what account automations are allowed and which ones could get your account filtered from search 

or even suspended or terminated. 

 

**How Automation Works** 

In order for an outside party to post to your account or perform other account actions (like following), you have to 

grant them access by either establishing a Twitter Connection or by giving them your username and password. 

Please see our help page on Connecting to Third-Party Applications for information on the difference, and how to 

revoke access for each method. 

 

Ultimately, you are responsible for the updates to your timeline and the actions of your account, which means you 

shouldn&apost give control of your account to a third-party unless you&aposve thoroughly investigated the application. If you 

decide to automate any account actions, you will need to manage your automations carefully to avoid violating 

the Twitter Rules. Violating these rules may result in account suspension or termination, or your account being 

filtered from search, regardless of whether you performed the violation manually, or allowed an automation to do 

so! 

**Automating your Tweets** 

**Automating Your Tweets Based on an Action You&aposve Completed:** 

Maybe you want to post to your Twitter timeline whenever you upload a video to YouTube, create a new photo 

album, or beat a high score in your favorite game? Sounds great! It’s generally fine to update your Twitter account 

when you complete a particular action. Just be careful—if you post similar updates too frequently, your followers 

might get a little bored! 

 

**Automating Your Tweets by Streaming External Information:** 

If you want to automate your account with a feed from your personal blog or updates from your RSS feed, please 

consider the following: 

• 

**Feeds of your own blog:** It’s generally fine to automate your account with updates of your own 

content; just be sure to review the Twitter Rules before setting up your automation. 

• 

**Feeds that go through redirects or ad pages:** If you&aposre posting automated links that redirect through 

landing or ad pages before the final content, your account may be suspended for posting misleading 

links, a violation of the Twitter Rules. 

• 

**Feeds for community benefit:** We welcome feeds that are used for community benefit or provide 

non-commercial information to a niche group of users, such as local weather feeds or transit 

information. 

 

**Automatically Tweeting to Trending Topics:** 

Trending topics are the most tweeted-about topics on Twitter. Posting to current trending topics in an automated 

fashion can degrade the experience for other users, and may result in your account being automatically filtered 

from search. If this happens, your followers will still see your tweets but you won&apost show in search results. 

Automating your tweets to include references to **unrelated** trending topics will result in account suspension. 

 

**Mass-creating Automated Accounts:** 

There are legitimate reasons why users may have multiple accounts. Serial account creation without prior 

approval, however, is not allowed. Please file a support ticket if you would like permission for creating a series of 

accounts. Include the list of accounts and your planned use of each account; accounts with overlapping use 

cases and names are generally not approved. 

 

We have allowed multiple, automated accounts for community benefit. For example, Twitter users can now find 

out when the Hubble passes overhead, whether they’re in San Francisco or Hong Kong. If the content is available 

elsewhere on Twitter, however, and does not clearly benefit a community or provide unique information to a niche 

group of users, these accounts may not be allowed. 

 

**Automated Advertising Updates:** 

We are continuing to consider the issue of advertising on the Twitter platform. We&aposre committed to encouraging 

and supporting individuals and businesses who want to discuss and promote the products they care about. At the 

same time, we’ve also seen an increase in the number of fully-automated, spam accounts promoting affiliate 

offers. These accounts use automated following, automated @replying, and serial account creation to spam other 

users with mass-created advertising. These behaviors are all prohibited by the Twitter Rules. 

The guidelines in this section are meant to both reduce automated spam on Twitter, and provide guidance for 

users interested in including advertising for others in their timeline. 

 

**Automated or mass-created affiliate advertising is not permitted on Twitter.** Updates that are posted 

automatically to your account through a tool or third-party application, for which you are compensated (whether on 

a "per-click," "per-sale," "per-tweet," or other basis), are prohibited. 

 

We’re still thinking about the full spectrum of advertising on Twitter; in the meantime, other forms of advertising 

and promotion are allowed, but subject to the rules in this document. The following forms of advertising are not 

prohibited: 

• 

Promoting your own business or website. 

• 

Tweeting unpaid consumer recommendations. 

• 

Tweeting sponsored or compensated links and updates that you have manually posted or approved. 

Your tweets may be sponsored by a third-party if you manually post or approve each sponsored tweet before it is 

posted. These updates may not be automated or scheduled in advance. The following rules also apply: 

1. 

All sponsored or paid updates must be manually approved. You should either manually post these to 

your account, or individually approve the tweets to be posted to your account. 

2. 

You shouldn&apost repeatedly post the same ad updates. 

3. 

If you&aposre using a third-party tool or application to approve and post your tweets, it must be an 

application **with Twitter OAuth approval**. Please see the FAQ below for more information. 

4. 

You should disclose when you post a compensated or sponsored update. 

 

Users combining advertising with other automations should be particularly careful to review the Twitter 

Rules and Follow Rules and Best Practices. Account suspensions may be appealed by filing a support ticket. 

Finally, please do not attempt to circumvent our guidelines on automated advertising by creating lots of bot 

accounts that promote similar or duplicate websites (or websites with scraped content); these accounts may be 

permanently suspended or terminated. 

 

**Automating other Account Actions** 

When you’re automating account behaviors like @replies, DMs, and retweets, we recommend you follow a 

general guideline: be nice to other Twitter users. In general, we take a skeptical view of disingenuous social 

action. If your actions are annoying a bunch of Twitter users, you probably will want to rethink or adjust your 

automation. Here are some more specific guidelines: 

 

**Automated @Replies:** 

The @reply function is intended to make communication between users easier, and automating this process to 

put unsolicited messages into lots of users’ reply tabs is considered an abuse of feature. If you are automatically 

sending @reply messages to a bunch of users, the recipients must request or approve this action in advance. For 

example, sending automated @replies based on keyword searches is not permitted. 

 

Users should also have an easy way to opt-out of your service (in addition to the requirement that all users must 

opt-in before receiving the messages). We review blocks and reports of spam, so you’ll need to provide a clear 

way for users to stop your messages. 

 

**Automated Retweeting of Other Users:** 

Retweeting someone means you think your followers should see their tweet. When you’re retweeting in an 

automated fashion, and especially based on an automated search or keyword, this becomes less true. 

 

We discourage the automatic retweeting of other users based on a particular keyword and may suspend or 

terminate accounts that engage in this behavior, particularly if they are being frequently blocked and reported as 

spam by the users they are retweeting. If you are rewteeting users just so they will see your update in their replies 

folder and look at your account, this is akin to @reply spam and your account may be suspended or terminated. 

 

**Automated Following and Un-Following:** 

Twitter users often review the profiles and recent tweets of their new followers. Being followed in a bulk, 

automated fashion can make this process bothersome and makes Twitter a less fun place to hang out. 

The only auto-following behavior Twitter allows is auto-follow-back (following a user after they have followed you). 

Automated un-following is also not permitted. If you find yourself frequently needing to un-follow large numbers of 

users, you might consider reviewing your criteria for following them. Please review our Follow Rules and Best 

Practices for a detailed discussion of following recommendations. 

Also note that in the general Twitter Rules that "get followers fast" applications and services are not allowed. Do 

not surrender your username and password to them. 

 

**Automating Your DMs (Direct Messages):** 

Including an automated “thanks for following” message to your new followers might be annoying to some users. 

We do not recommend, but generally do not regulate, this behavior; if you receive a DM you don’t like, you can 

un-follow that user and they will no longer be able to send you messages. 

 

**Automation that Causes Your Account to Violate the Twitter Rules:** 

If your account automation is causing your account to violate the Twitter Rules (by retweeting spam updates, 

repeatedly posting duplicate links, etc.), your account may be suspended or terminated. You are responsible for 

the updates on your account, so please do not add automations unless you are confident you will be able to 

manage your account within the rules. 

**Other Questions (FAQ)** 

**What is an application with Twitter OAuth approval?** 

As discussed above, you may post manually-approved, compensated tweets through a third-party application with 

Twitter OAuth approval. If an application has OAuth approval, the following will be true 

1. 

You allow the application access by approving their connection, not by giving out your username and 

password. 

2. 

Once approved, you’ll be able to see and revoke the connection from your connections tab. 

When tweets come from a third-party application, the name of the source is included to the right of the time-

stamp, like this: 

 

 

 

