The Twitter Rules  

We believe that everyone should have the power to create and share ideas and information instantly, without 

barriers. In order to protect the experience and safety of people who use Twitter, there are some limitations on the 

type of content and behavior that we allow. These limitations are set forth in the Twitter Rules below. 

The Twitter Rules (along with all incorporated policies), Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service collectively make up 

the "Twitter User Agreement" that governs a user&aposs access to and use of Twitter&aposs services. 

All individuals accessing or using Twitter’s services must adhere to the policies set forth in the Twitter Rules. 

Failure to do so may result in Twitter taking one or more of the following enforcement actions: 

• 

requiring you to delete prohibited content before you can again create new posts and interact with other 

Twitter users; 

• 

temporarily limiting your ability to create posts or interact with other Twitter users; 

• 

asking you to verify account ownership with a phone number or email address; or 

• 

permanently suspending your account(s). 

If you attempt to evade a permanent suspension by creating new accounts, we will suspend your new accounts. 

Please note that we may need to change these Rules from time to time and reserve the right to do so. The most 

current version is always available at: https://twitter.com/rules. 

The policies set forth in these Twitter Rules govern organic content on our platform. To learn more about the rules 

which govern ads and promoted content, please review our Ads policies. 

**Content Boundaries and Use of Twitter** 

**Intellectual property** 

Trademark: We reserve the right to suspend accounts or take other appropriate action when someone’s brand or 

trademark, including business name and/or logo, is used in a manner that may mislead or confuse others about 

your brand affiliation. Read more about our trademark policy and how to report a violation. 

Copyright: We will respond to clear and complete notices of alleged copyright infringement. Our copyright 

procedures are set forth in our Terms of Service. Read more about our copyright policy. 

**Graphic violence and adult content** 

We consider graphic violence to be any form of gory media related to death, serious injury, violence, or surgical 

procedures. We consider adult content to be any media that is pornographic and/or may be intended to cause 

sexual arousal. Learn more about our media policy. 

Twitter allows some forms of graphic violence and/or adult content in Tweets marked as containing sensitive 

media. However, you may not use such content in your profile or header images. Additionally, Twitter may 

sometimes require you to remove excessively graphic violence out of respect for the deceased and their families 

if we receive a request from their family or an authorized representative. Learn more about how to make such a 

request, and how to mark your media as sensitive. 

**Unlawful use** 

You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance of illegal activities. By using Twitter, you 

agree to comply with all applicable laws governing your online conduct and content. 

**Trends** 

At times, we may prevent certain content from trending. This includes content that violates the Twitter Rules, as 

well as content that may attempt to manipulate trends. Read more about what we allow and do not allow to trend. 

**Misuse of Twitter badges** 

You may not use badges, including but not limited to the “promoted” or “verified” Twitter badges, unless provided 

by Twitter. Accounts using unauthorized badges as part of their profile photos, header photos, display names, or 

in any way that falsely implies affiliation with Twitter or authorization from Twitter to display these badges, may be 

suspended. 

**Misuse of usernames** 

Selling usernames: You may not buy or sell Twitter usernames. 

Username squatting: You may not engage in username squatting. Some of the factors we take into consideration 

when determining whether conduct is username squatting include: 

• 

the number of accounts created; 

• 

the creation of accounts for the purpose of preventing others from using those account names; 

• 

the creation of accounts for the purpose of selling those accounts; and 

• 

the use of third-party content feeds to update and maintain accounts under the names of those third 

parties. 

Please note that Twitter may also remove accounts that are inactive for more than six months. Learn more 

about username squatting. 

**Abusive Behavior** 

We believe in freedom of expression and open dialogue, but that means little as an underlying philosophy if 

voices are silenced because people are afraid to speak up. In order to ensure that people feel safe expressing 

diverse opinions and beliefs, we prohibit behavior that crosses the line into abuse, including behavior that 

harasses, intimidates, or uses fear to silence another user’s voice. 

Context matters when evaluating for abusive behavior and determining appropriate enforcement actions. Factors 

we may take into consideration include, but are not limited to whether: 

• 

the behavior is targeted at an individual or group of people; 

• 

the report has been filed by the target of the abuse or a bystander; 

• 

the behavior is newsworthy and in the legitimate public interest. 

**Violence and physical harm** 

Violence: You may not make specific threats of violence or wish for the serious physical harm, death, or disease 

of an individual or group of people. This includes, but is not limited to, threatening or promoting terrorism. You 

also may not affiliate with organizations that — whether by their own statements or activity both on and off the 

platform — use or promote violence against civilians to further their causes. We will begin enforcing this rule 

around affiliation with such organizations on December 18, 2017. 

Suicide or self-harm: You may not promote or encourage suicide or self-harm. When we receive reports that a 

person is threatening suicide or self-harm, we may take a number of steps to assist them, such as reaching out to 

that person and providing resources such as contact information for our mental health partners. 

Child sexual exploitation: You may not promote child sexual exploitation. Learn more about our zero-

tolerance child sexual exploitation policy. 

**Abuse and hateful conduct** 

Abuse: You may not engage in the targeted harassment of someone, or incite other people to do so. We consider 

abusive behavior an attempt to harass, intimidate, or silence someone else’s voice. 

Unwanted sexual advances: You may not direct abuse at someone by sending unwanted sexual content, 

objectifying them in a sexually explicit manner, or otherwise engaging in sexual misconduct. 

Hateful conduct: You may not promote violence against, threaten, or harass other people on the basis of race, 

ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or serious 

disease. Read more about our hateful conduct policy. 

Hateful imagery and display names: You may not use hateful images or symbols in your profile image or profile 

header. You also may not use your username, display name, or profile bio to engage in abusive behavior, such as 

targeted harassment or expressing hate towards a person, group, or protected category. We will begin enforcing 

this rule on December 18, 2017. 

**Private information and intimate media** 

Private information: You may not publish or post other people&aposs private information without their express 

authorization and permission. Definitions of private information may vary depending on local laws. Read more 

about our private information policy. 

Intimate media: You may not post or share intimate photos or videos of someone that were produced or 

distributed without their consent. Read more about intimate media on Twitter. 

Threats to expose / hack: You may not threaten to expose someone’s private information or intimate media. You 

also may not threaten to hack or break into someone’s digital information. 

**Impersonation** 

You may not impersonate individuals, groups, or organizations in a manner that is intended to or does mislead, 

confuse, or deceive others. While you may maintain parody, fan, commentary, or newsfeed accounts, you may 

not do so if the intent of the account is to engage in spamming or abusive behavior. Read more about 

our impersonation policy. 

**Spam and Security** 

We strive to protect people on Twitter from technical abuse and spam. 

To promote a stable and secure environment on Twitter, you may not do, or attempt to do, any of the following 

while accessing or using Twitter: 

• 

Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of Twitter, Twitter’s computer systems, or the technical 

delivery systems of Twitter’s providers (except as expressly permitted by the Twitter Bug Bounty 

program). 

• 

Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network, or breach or circumvent any security or 

authentication measures (except as expressly permitted by the Twitter Bug Bounty program). 

• 

Access or search, or attempt to access or search, Twitter by any means (automated or otherwise) other 

than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Twitter (and only pursuant 

to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate 

agreement with Twitter. Note that crawling Twitter is permissible if done in accordance with the 

provisions of the robots.txt file; however, scraping Twitter without our prior consent is expressly 

prohibited. 

• 

Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any 

way use Twitter to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information. 

• 

Interfere with or disrupt the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a 

virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing Twitter’s services, or by scripting the creation of 

content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on Twitter. 

Any accounts engaging in the following activities may be temporarily locked or subject to permanent suspension: 

• 

**Malware/Phishing:** You may not publish or link to malicious content intended to damage or disrupt 

another person’s browser or computer or to compromise a person’s privacy. 

• 

**Spam:** You may not use Twitter’s services for the purpose of spamming anyone. Spam is generally 

defined on Twitter as bulk or aggressive activity that attempts to manipulate or disrupt Twitter or the 

experience of users on Twitter to drive traffic or attention to unrelated accounts, products, services, or 

initiatives. Some of the factors that we take into account when determining what conduct is considered to 

be spamming include: 

o 

if you have followed and/or unfollowed a large number of of accounts in a short time period, 

particularly by automated means (aggressive following or follower churn); 

o 

if your Tweets or Direct Messages consist mainly of links shared without commentary; 

o 

if a large number of people have blocked you in response to high volumes of untargeted, 

unsolicited, or duplicative content or engagements from your account; 

o 

if a large number of spam complaints have been filed against you; 

o 

if you post duplicative or substantially similar content, replies, or mentions over multiple 

accounts or multiple duplicate updates on one account, or create duplicate or substantially 

similar accounts; 

o 

if you post multiple updates to a trending or popular topic with an intent to subvert or manipulate 

the topic to drive traffic or attention to unrelated accounts, products, services, or initiatives; 

o 

if you send large numbers of unsolicited replies or mentions; 

o 

if you add users to lists in a bulk or aggressive manner; 

o 

if you are randomly or aggressively engaging with Tweets (e.g., likes, Retweets, etc.) or users 

(e.g., following, adding to lists or Moments, etc.) to drive traffic or attention to unrelated 

accounts, products, services, or initiatives; 

o 

if you repeatedly post other people’s account information as your own (e.g., bio, Tweets, profile 

URL, etc.); 

o 

if you post misleading, deceptive, or malicious links (e.g., affiliate links, links to 

malware/clickjacking pages, etc.); 

o 

if you create fake accounts, account interactions, or impressions; 

o 

if you sell, purchase, or attempt to artificially inflate account interactions (such as followers, 

Retweets, likes, etc.); and 

o 

if you use or promote third-party services or apps that claim to get you more followers, 

Retweets, or likes (such as follower trains, sites promising "more followers fast", or any other 

site that offers to automatically add followers or engagements to your account or Tweets). 

Please see our support articles on following rules and best practices and automation rules and best practices for 

more detailed information about how the Rules apply to those particular account behaviors. Accounts created to 

replace suspended accounts may be permanently suspended. 

**Content Visibility** 

Accounts under investigation or which have been detected as sharing content in violation of these Rules may 

have their account or Tweet visibility limited in various parts of Twitter, including search. To learn more about 

situations in which content may be restricted on Twitter, please see our support article on search rules and 

restrictions. 

. 

 

 

Trademark policy  

*Updated June 30, 2016* 

**What is a Trademark Policy Violation on Twitter?** 

Using another&aposs trademark in a manner that may mislead or confuse others about your brand affiliation may be a 

violation of our trademark policy. 

**How Does Twitter Respond to Trademark Reports?** 

We review each report and do the following: 

• 

If we determine that there is a violation of our trademark policy, we may suspend the account. In some 

instances, we may give the account holder an opportunity to comply with our policies before suspending 

the account. For more information, see our Parody, commentary, and fan account policy. 

• 

We may also provide the account holder with your name and information included in the copy of the 

report. 

• 

If you would like to report a trademark violation in a Twitter Ad, please visit our Trademark Policy for 

Promoted Ads to learn more. 

Please note that Twitter only investigates requests that are submitted by the trademark holder or by an authorized 

representative of the trademark holder. 

**What is not a Trademark Policy Violation?** 

Referencing another&aposs trademark is not automatically a violation of Twitter&aposs trademark policy. Examples include: 

• 

Using a trademark in a way that is outside the scope of the trademark registration (e.g. territory, or 

goods and services identified in the registration). 

• 

Nominative and other fair uses of trademarks are protected uses under our trademark policy, so long as 

the account is clearly distinguished from the trademark owner. This includes use by resellers in certain 

regions and accounts engaging in parody, commentary, or news. For more information, see our Parody, 

commentary, and fan account policy. 

**How do I Report a Trademark Policy Violation?** 

Submit trademark reports through our Trademark Issue support form. Using the appropriate form ensures we 

have all the information necessary to process your report quickly. Please provide all information requested in the 

form. If you submit a report with incomplete information, we will follow up with you to request that information. 

Please note that this will result in a delay in processing your report. 

If you have trouble using the form, try updating your browser or switching to another browser. 

 

 

**Copyright policy**

**What Types of Copyright Complaints Does Twitter Respond To?** 

Twitter responds to copyright notifications submitted under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). Section 

512 of the DMCA outlines the statutory requirements necessary for formally reporting copyright infringement, as 

well as providing instructions on how an affected party can appeal a removal by submitting a compliant counter-

notice.  

Twitter will respond to reports of alleged copyright infringement, such as allegations concerning the unauthorized 

use of a copyrighted image as a profile or header photo, allegations concerning the unauthorized use of a 

copyrighted video or image uploaded through our media hosting services, or Tweets containing links to allegedly 

infringing materials. Note that not all unauthorized uses of copyrighted materials are infringements (see our fair 

use article for more information).  

If you are concerned about the use of your brand or entity’s name, please review Twitter’s trademark policy. If you 

are concerned about the use of a fictional character, please see our parody, commentary, and fan accounts 

policy. These are generally not copyright issues.  

**Am I a Copyright Holder? How Do I Know?**  

If you are unsure whether you hold rights to a particular work, please consult an attorney or another adviser as 

Twitter cannot provide legal advice. There are plenty of resources to learn more about copyright law including 

http://copyright.gov, https://lumendatabase.org/, and http://www.eff.org/issues/bloggers/legal/liability/IP, to name a 

few.  

Tip: In general, the photographer and NOT the subject of a photograph is the actual rights holder of the resulting 

photograph.  

**What Information Do You Need To Process a Copyright Complaint?**  

To submit a notice of claimed copyright infringement, you will need to provide us with the following information:  

1. 

A physical or electronic signature (typing your full name will suffice) of the copyright owner or a person 

authorized to act on their behalf; 

2. 

Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (e.g., a link to your original work or 

clear description of the materials allegedly being infringed upon); 

3. 

Identification of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit Twitter to locate the 

material on our website or services; 

4. 

Your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address; 

5. 

A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner asserted is not 

authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and 

6. 

A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are 

authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. 

If you are reporting the content of a Tweet, please give us a direct link to that Tweet. Or please specify if the 

alleged infringement is in the header, avatar, etc. A LINK TO A PROFILE PAGE IS INSUFFICIENT FOR 

TWITTER TO IDENTIFY INFRINGING MATERIALS.  

**How Do I File a Copyright Complaint?**  

You can report alleged copyright infringement by visiting Twitter’s Help Center and filing a copyright report. If you 

are logged in to twitter.com, you can visit the Twitter Help Center directly from your Twitter account by clicking the 

‘Help’ link located in the sidebar.  

Filing a DMCA complaint is the start of a pre-defined legal process. Your complaint will be reviewed for accuracy, 

validity, and completeness. If your complaint has satisfied these requirements, we will take action on your request 

- which includes forwarding a **full copy of your notice** (including your name, address, phone and email address) 

to the user(s) who posted the allegedly infringing material in question.  

If you are concerned about your contact information being fowarded, you may wish to use an agent to report for 

you.  

https://web.archive.org/web/20180601194918/https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/copyright-policy 1/3  

27.11.2020 Copyright policy  

Please be aware that under 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), you may be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ 

fees incurred by us or our users, if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity is infringing, as 

was the case in Lenz v. Universal and OPG v. Diebold. If you are unsure whether the material you are reporting is 

in fact infringing, you may wish to contact an attorney before filing a notification with us.  

**How Are Claims Processed?**  

We process reports in the order in which they are received. Once you&aposve submitted your ticket, we will email you a 

ticket confirmation. Please note, submitting duplicate copyright notices may result in a delay in processing.  

If we decide to remove or disable access to the material, we will notify the affected user(s) after removing or 

disabling access to the material, provide them with a full copy of the reporter’s complaint (including the provided 

contact information) along with instructions on how to file a counter-notice, and forward a redacted copy of the 

complaint to Lumen.  

**What Happens Next?**  

Twitter’s response to notices of alleged copyright infringement may include the removal or restriction of access to 

allegedly infringing material. If we remove or restrict access to user content in response to a notice of alleged 

infringement, Twitter will make a good faith effort to contact the affected account holder with information 

concerning the removal or restriction of access, including a full copy of the takedown notice, along with 

instructions for filing a counter-notification.  

If you’ve not yet received a copy of the copyright notification regarding the content removed from your account, 

please respond to the support ticket we sent you.  

In an effort to be as transparent as possible regarding the removal or restriction of access to user-posted content, 

we clearly mark withheld Tweets and media to indicate to viewers when content has been withheld (examples 

below). We also send a redacted copy of each copyright complaint and counter-notice that we process to Lumen, 

where they are posted to a public-facing website (with your personal information removed).  

Under appropriate circumstances, Twitter may suspend and warn repeat violators, and in more serious cases, 

permanently terminate user accounts.  

**What Happens If I Receive a Copyright Notification?**  

If you receive a copyright notification, it means that the content described in the notification has been removed 

from Twitter or access to the content on Twitter has been restricted. Please take the time to read through our 

notice to you, which includes information on the notification we received as well as instructions on how to file a 

counter-notice.  

**When Should I File a Counter-notice?**  

 

https://web.archive.org/web/20180601194918/https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/copyright-policy 2/3  

27.11.2020 Copyright policy  

If you believe that the material reported in the copyright notification you received was misidentified or removed in 

error, you should file a counter-notice as per the instructions below.  

Re-posting material removed in response to a copyright notification may result in permanent account suspension. 

If you believe the content was removed in error, please file a counter-notification rather than simply re-posting the 

material.  

**What Information Do You Need to Process a Counter-notice?**  

To submit a counter-notice, you will need to provide us with the following information:  

1. 

A physical or electronic signature (typing your full name will suffice); 

2. 

Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the 

location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled (the 

description from the copyright notice will suffice); 

3. 

A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or 

disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and 

4. 

Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the 

Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside 

of the United States, for any judicial district in which Twitter may be found, and that you will accept 

service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of 

such person. 

To submit a counter-notice, please respond to our original email notification of the removal and include the 

required information in the body of your reply as we discard all attachments for security reasons.  

**What Happens After I Submit a Counter-notice?**  

Upon receipt of a valid counter-notice, we will promptly forward a copy to the person who filed the original notice. 

If we do not receive notice within 10 business days that the original reporter is seeking a court order to prevent 

further infringement of the material at issue, we may replace or cease disabling access to the material that was 

removed.  

We cannot offer any legal advice. Should you have questions, please consult an attorney.  

**Filing a Copyright Notice or Counter-notice is Serious Business!**  

Please think twice before submitting a claim or counter-notice, especially if you are unsure whether you are the 

actual rights holder or authorized to act on a rights holder’s behalf. There are legal and financial consequences for 

fraudulent and/or bad faith submissions. Please be sure that you are the actual rights holder, or that you have a 

good faith belief that the material was removed in error, and that you understand the repercussions of submitting 

a false claim.  

 

 

**Twitter media policy**  

**Twitter Rules:** Twitter allows some forms of graphic violence and/or adult content in Tweets marked as 

containing sensitive media. However, you may not use such content in your profile or header images. 

**Twitter Rules:** You may not use hateful images or symbols in your profile image or profile header. 

**Rationale** 

Some forms of graphic violence, adult content, or hateful imagery may be permitted in Tweets when they are 

marked as sensitive media. However, you may not include this type of content in live video, or in profile or header 

images. 

While we want people to feel free to share media that reflects their creativity or individuality, or to show what’s 

happening in the world, we will take action when it crosses the line into abuse towards a person, group, or 

protected category. 

Finally, we may sometimes require you to remove media containing excessively graphic violence out of respect for 

the deceased and their families if we receive a request from their family or an authorized representative. Learn 

more about how to make such a request here. 

**When this applies** 

**Graphic violence and adult content** 

We consider graphic violence to be any form of gory media related to death, serious injury, violence, or surgical 

procedures. Some examples include, but are not limited to, depictions of: 

• 

the moment at which someone dies 

• 

gruesome crime or accident scenes 

• 

bodily harm, torture, dismemberment, or mutilation 

We consider adult content to be any media that is pornographic and/or may be intended to cause sexual arousal. 

Some examples include, but are not limited to, depictions of: 

• 

full or partial nudity (including close-ups of genitals, buttocks, or breasts) 

 

o 

Please note that exceptions may be made for artistic, medical, health, or educational content. 

Breastfeeding content does not need to be marked as sensitive. 

• 

simulating a sexual act 

• 

intercourse or any sexual act (may involve humans, humanoid animals, cartoons, or anime) 

If you see media you think may be in violation of our policy, report it. You can read about how to report sensitive 

media here. 

**Hateful imagery** 

We consider hateful imagery to be logos, symbols, or images whose purpose is to promote hostility and malice 

against others based on their race, religion, disability, sexual orientation, or ethnicity/national origin. 

Some examples of hateful imagery include, but are not limited to: 

• 

Symbols historically associated with hate groups (for example, the Nazi swastika) 

• 

Images depicting others as less than human or altered to include hateful symbols 

• 

Altered image references to a mass murder that targeted a protected category 

**Do I need to be the target of this content in order for it to be a violation of the Twitter Rules?** 

No, we review both first-person and bystander reports of such content. 

**Consequences** 

When adult content, graphic violence, or hateful imagery appears in Tweets, we may place this content behind an 

interstitial advising viewers to be aware that they will see sensitive media if they click through. This allows us to 

identify potentially sensitive content that some people may not wish to see. Learn more about how to control 

whether you see sensitive media. 

However, if such content appears in live video, header, or profile images, it will violate our media policy. The 

consequences for violating this policy depend on the severity of the violation and the person’s previous record of 

violations. 

The first time someone violates this policy they will be required to remove the imagery and may be asked to verify 

their account ownership. Subsequent violations could result in permanent suspension. Learn more about our 

range of enforcement options. 

If someone believes their account was suspended in error, they can submit an appeal. 

 

 

 

**How to contact Twitter about media** 

**concerning a deceased family member**

In order to respect the wishes of loved ones, Twitter will remove imagery of deceased individuals in certain 

circumstances. Immediate family members and other authorized individuals may request the removal of images 

or video of deceased individuals, from when critical injury occurs to the moments before or after death, by sending 

a request to Twitter Inc. via our privacy form. When reviewing such media removal requests, Twitter considers 

public interest factors such as the newsworthiness of the content and may not be able to honor every request. 

Note: Find information about contacting Twitter to deactivate the account of a deceased or incapacitated user. 

 

 

How to mark media as sensitive links to Media policy 

 

 

 

**Twitter trends FAQs**  

**Where can I find trends?**  

Trends are available on the Twitter for iOS app, the Twitter for 

Android app, and twitter.com.  

On Twitter&aposs mobile apps, you can find trends listed under the 

trends section of the **Explore** tab When signed in to twitter.com 

on a desktop or laptop computer, trends are listed in many places, 

including the Home timeline, Notifications, search results, and 

profile pages.  

**How are trends determined?**  

Trends are determined by an algorithm and, by default, are 

tailored for you based on who you follow, your interests, and your 

location. This algorithm identifies topics that are popular now, 

rather than topics that have been popular for a while or on a daily 

basis, to help you discover the hottest emerging topics of 

discussion on Twitter.  

You can choose to see trends that are not tailored for you by 

selecting a specific trends location on twitter.com, iOS, or Android 

(instructions below). Location trends identify popular topics 

among people in a specific geographic location.  

**Note**: The number of Tweets that are related to the trends is just 

one of the factors the algorithm looks at when ranking and 

determining trends. Algorithmically, trends and hashtags are 

grouped together if they are related to the same topic. For 

instance, #MondayMotivation and #MotivationMonday may both 

be represented by #MondayMotivation.  

**What does the # sign mean?**  

You may notice that some trends have # sign before the word or 

phrase. This is called a hashtag and is included specifically in 

Tweets to mark them as relating to a topic, so that people can 

follow the conversation in search.  

**Will I see world and local events in my trends?**  

Yes, when signed into your account on the twitter.com, iOS, or 

Android, trends will be tailored for you based on your location 

and who you follow. There will be many world and local news 

events and conversations that will appear in your trends 

regardless of your personalization.  

**Can I see trends for a specific location?**  

Yes, you can view trends for a specific location on twitter.com, iOS, 

or Android.  

**View trends via twitter.com:** 

To view trends for a specific location, click **Change** in your trends 

box. You can choose to **Keep tailored trends** based on your 

location and who you follow, or you can select **Change** to choose a 

nearby location or search locations.  

**Adjust your trends settings via Twitter for iOS:** O. 

Inthetopmenu,tapyour**profile**icon.  

17. Tap**Settingsandprivacy**,thentap**Contentpreferences**. 

18. Under**Explore**,tap**Trends**. 

T. Dragtheslidernextto**Trendsforyou**toturnonandreceivepersonalizedtrends.  

V. Whenthefeatureisdisabled,youcanchangeyourlocationbytapping**Change location**. In 

the search box, type your desired trends location or choose from the list.  

**Adjust your trends settings via Twitter for Android:** 

O. Inthetopmenu,youwilleitherseea**navigationmenu**icon oryour**profile**  

icon. Tap whichever icon you have, and select **Settings and privacy**.  

17. Tap**Contentpreferences**. 

18. Under**Explore**,tap**Trends**. 

T. Dragtheslidernextto**Trendsforyou**toturnonandreceivepersonalizedtrends.  

V. Whenthefeatureisdisabled,youcanchangeyourlocationbytapping**Change location**. In 

the search box, type your desired trends location or choose from the list.  

**Note:** If you don&apost find your preferred country or city, it means 

we&aposre not receiving enough Tweets from that geographical area to 

create a list. You can look up local Tweets on any topic by using 

advanced Twitter search operators.  

**What happens when I click or tap on a trend?**  

Clicking or tapping any of the trends takes you to the Twitter 

search results for that trend. You&aposll see all Tweets including that 

phrase or hashtag. To see what people are saying about a previous 

trend, perform a search for that keyword.  

**How can I participate in a trend?**  

Simply post a Tweet including the exact word or phrase as it 

appears in the trends list (with the hashtag, if you see one). Due to 

the large number of people Tweeting about these specific trends, 

you may not always be able to find your particular Tweet in 

search, but your followers will always see your Tweets.  

**Note: Twitter also filters searches for quality. To understand** 

**what types of behavior could cause your Tweets to be filtered** 

**out, read about our** search rules and restrictions.  

**Are there rules for trends?**  

Yes. We want trends to promote healthy discussions on Twitter. 

This means that at times, we may prevent certain content from 

trending. These include trends that:  

Contain profanity or adult/graphic references.  

Incite hate on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, 

gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or disease.  

Violate the Twitter Rules.  

In some cases, we may also consider the newsworthiness of the 

content, or if it is in the public interest when evaluating potential 

violations. In these cases, the content might continue to trend on 

our platform.  

Note that even if we prevent the hashtag or the content from 

appearing on the list of trending topics, you may still be able to 

access conversations around that content on Twitter.  

**Do trends have descriptions?**  

Below some trends, you may see the approximate number of 

Tweets associated with the trend, or personalized context such as 

who in your network is Tweeting about it.  

Additionally, when a Moment is found to be relevant to a trend, 

we may use the title of the Moment as the trendâ€TMs 

description.  

 

 

 

 

Username squatting policy 

 

Username squatting is prohibited by The Twitter Rules. 

 

Please note that if an account has had no updates, no profile image, and there is no intent to mislead, it 

typically means there&aposs no name-squatting or impersonation. Note that we will not release inactive or 

squatted usernames except in cases of trademark infringement. If your report involves trademark 

infringement, please consult those policies for instructions for reporting these accounts. 

Attempts to sell, buy, or solicit other forms of payment in exchange for usernames are also violations 

and may result in permanent account suspension. 

 

 

**Child sexual exploitation policy**  

**Twitter rules**  

**Twitter does not tolerate any material that features or** 

**promotes child sexual exploitation. This may include media,** 

**text, illustrated, or computer generated images.**  

**Rationale**  

Regardless of the intent, viewing, sharing, or linking to child 

sexual exploitation media contributes to the re-victimization of 

the depicted minor and, therefore, is not allowed on Twitter. This 

also applies to content that may further contribute to 

victimization of children through promotion or glorification of 

child sexual exploitation.  

**When this applies**  

For the purposes of this policy, a minor means any person under 

the age of 18 years. Examples of content that depicts or promotes 

child sexual exploitation include, but are not limited to:  

Visual depiction of a minor engaging in sexually explicit or sexually suggestive act.  

Illustrated, computer-generated or other forms of realistic depictions of a human minor 

in a sexually explicit context, or engaged in a sexually explicit act.  

Links to third-party sites that host child sexual exploitation material.  

The following behaviors are also not allowed on Twitter: Fantasizing 

about or promoting engagement in child sexual exploitation.  

Expressing a desire to obtain materials that feature child sexual exploitation.  

Recruiting, advertising or expressing interest in: (1) a commercial sex act involving a 

child, or (2) in harboring and/or transporting a child for sexual purposes.  

Sending sexually explicit images to a child. Engaging a minor in a sexually explicit 

conversation.  

Trying to obtain sexually explicit images from a minor or trying to recruit a minor for 

sexual services through incentive or blackmail.  

Identifying alleged victims of childhood sexual exploitation by name or photo.  

**Consequences**  

In the majority of cases, the consequence for violating our child 

sexual exploitation policy is immediate and permanent 

suspension. In addition, violators will not be allowed to create 

new accounts in the future.  

In a limited number of situations when no malicious intent has 

been identified, users may instead be asked to remove the 

violating Tweet and be temporarily locked out of their account 

before they can Tweet again.  

When we are made aware of links depicting or promoting child 

sexual exploitation they will be removed from the site without 

further notice and reported to The National Center for Missing & 

Exploited Children (NCMEC).  

**What you can do**  

If you think you&aposve found a Twitter account distributing or 

promoting child sexual exploitation, please report it through our 

designated form. Please provide the username and links to the 

relevant tweets that lead you to believe the account should be 

investigated. For help on how to find the direct status links to 

individual Tweets, see our help page.  

If you have found content elsewhere on the internet that is 

distributing or promoting child sexual exploitation, you should file 

a report with NCMEC here or with your local law enforcement. If 

you believe the content is hosted on a website outside of the 

United States, you can report it on the International Association of 

Internet Hotlines website.  

**Our partners**  

We partner with multiple organisations around the world whose 

work is dedicated to fighting child sexual exploitation. You can 

find a full list of our safety partners here.  

 

 

Hateful conduct policy  

**Hateful conduct:** You may not promote violence against or 

directly attack or threaten other people on the basis of race, 

ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender 

identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or serious disease. We 

also do not allow accounts whose primary purpose is inciting 

harm towards others on the basis of these categories.  

**Hateful imagery and display names:** You may not use hateful 

images or symbols in your profile image or profile header. You 

also may not use your username, display name, or profile bio to 

engage in abusive behavior, such as targeted harassment or 

expressing hate towards a person, group, or protected category.  

**Rationale**  

Twitterʼs mission is to give everyone the power to create and 

share ideas and information, and to express their opinions and 

beliefs without barriers. Free expression is a human right – we 

believe that everyone has a voice, and the right to use it. Our role 

is to serve the public conversation, which requires representation 

of a diverse range of perspectives.  

We recognise that if people experience abuse on Twitter, it can 

jeopardize their ability to express themselves. Research has 

shown that some groups of people are disproportionately 

targeted with abuse online. This includes; women, people of color, 

lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, asexual 

individuals, marginalized and historically underrepresented 

communities. For those who identity with multiple 

underrepresented groups, abuse may be more common, more 

severe in nature and have a higher impact on those targeted.  

We are committed to combating abuse motivated by hatred, 

prejudice or intolerance, particularly abuse that seeks to silence 

the voices of those who have been historically marginalized. For 

this reason, we prohibit behavior that targets individuals with 

abuse based on protected category.  

If you see something on Twitter that you believe violates our 

hateful conduct policy, please report it to us.  

**When this applies**  

We will review and take action against reports of accounts 

targeting an individual or group of people with any of the 

following behavior, whether within Tweets or Direct Messages.  

**Violent threats**  

We prohibit content that makes violent threats against an 

identifiable target. Violent threats are declarative statements of 

intent to inflict injuries that would result in serious and lasting 

bodily harm, where an individual could die or be significantly 

injured, e.g., “I will kill you”.  

**Note:** we have a zero tolerance policy against violent threats. 

Those deemed to be sharing violent threats will face immediate 

and permanent suspension of their account.  

**Wishing, hoping or calling for serious harm on a person or** 

**group of people** 

We prohibit content that wishes, hopes, promotes, or expresses a 

desire for death, serious and lasting bodily harm, or serious 

disease against an entire protected category and/or individuals 

who may be members of that category. This includes, but is not 

limited to:  

Hoping that someone dies as a result of a serious disease, e.g., “I hope you get cancer and 

die.”  

Wishing for someone to fall victim to a serious accident, e.g., “I wish that you would get 

run over by a car next time you run your mouth.”  

Saying that a group of individuals deserve serious physical injury, e.g., “If this group of 

protesters donʼt shut up, they deserve to be shot.”  

**References to mass murder, violent events, or specific means** 

**of violence where protected groups have been the primary** 

**targets or victims** 

We prohibit targeting individuals with content that references 

forms of violence or violent events where a protected category 

was the primary target or victims, where the intent is to harass. 

This includes, but is not limited to sending someone:  

media that depicts victims of the Holocaust; media that depicts lynchings.  

**Inciting fear about a protected category**  

We prohibit targeting individuals with content intended to incite 

fear or spread fearful stereotypes about a protected category, 

including asserting that members of a protected category are 

more likely to take part in dangerous or illegal activities, e.g., “all 

[religious group] are terrorists”.  

**Repeated and/or non-consensual slurs, epithets, racist and** 

**sexist tropes, or other content that degrades someone** 

We prohibit targeting individuals with repeated slurs, tropes or 

other content that intends to dehumanize, degrade or reinforce 

negative or harmful stereotypes about a protected category. This 

includes targeted misgendering or deadnaming of transgender 

individuals.  

**Hateful imagery**  

We consider hateful imagery to be logos, symbols, or images 

whose purpose is to promote hostility and malice against others 

based on their race, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender 

identity or ethnicity/national origin. Some examples of hateful 

imagery include, but are not limited to:  

symbols historically associated with hate groups, e.g., the Nazi swastika;  

images depicting others as less than human, or altered to include hateful symbols, e.g., 

altering images of individuals to include animalistic features; or  

images altered to include hateful symbols or references to a mass murder that targeted a 

protected category, e.g., manipulating images of individuals to include yellow Star of 

David badges, in reference to the Holocaust.  

Media depicting hateful imagery is not permitted within live 

video, account bio, profile or header images. All other instances 

must be marked as sensitive media. Additionally, sending an 

individual unsolicited hateful imagery is a violation of our abusive 

behavior policy.  

**Do I need to be the target of this content for it to be a violation of the** 

**Twitter Rules?**  

Some Tweets may appear to be hateful when viewed in isolation, 

but may not be when viewed in the context of a larger 

conversation. For example, members of a protected category may 

refer to each other using terms that are typically considered as 

slurs. When used consensually, the intent behind these terms is 

not abusive, but a means to reclaim terms that were historically 

used to demean individuals.  

When we review this type of content, it may not be clear whether 

the intention is to abuse an individual on the basis of their 

protected status, or if it is part of a consensual conversation. To 

help our teams understand the context, we sometimes need to 

hear directly from the person being targeted to ensure that we 

have the information needed prior to taking any enforcement 

action.  

**Note:** individuals do not need to be member of a specific 

protected category for us to take action. We will never ask people 

to prove or disprove membership in any protected category and 

we will not investigate this information.  

**Consequences**  

Under this policy, we take action against behavior that targets 

individuals or an entire protected category with hateful conduct, 

as described above. Targeting can happen in a number of ways, for 

example, mentions, including a photo of an individual, referring to 

someone by their full name, etc.  

When determining the penalty for violating this policy, we 

consider a number of factors including, but not limited to the 

severity of the violation and an individualʼs previous record of 

rule violations. For example, we may ask someone to remove the 

violating content and serve a period of time in read-only mode 

before they can Tweet again. Subsequent violations will lead to 

longer read-only periods and may eventually result in permanent 

account suspension. If an account is engaging primarily in abusive 

behavior, or is deemed to have shared a violent threat, we will 

permanently suspend the account upon initial review.  

Learn more about our range of enforcement options. 

If someone believes their account was suspended in error, they 

can  

submit an appeal.  

 

---- 

Report private information posted on 

Twitter 

Posting another person’s private and confidential information is a violation of the Twitter Rules. Read about our policy 

regarding private information posted on Twitter. 

Do I need to have a Twitter account to make a report? 

No, you do not need to have a Twitter account to file a report that your private and confidential information has been 

posted on Twitter. 

Can I report unauthorized posting of Copyrighted material? 

If your copyrighted material has been Tweeted without your permission, please review our Copyright and DMCA 

policy. 

What can I do if my information is posted on other websites? 

We cannot take down any information that is posted on a website other than Twitter. If your information is posted on 

another website, please contact the help center or support staff for the website where your information is posted. 

How do I report that my private information is posted on Twitter? 

You can report that your private information has been posted on Twitter directly from the offending Tweet(s). 

Learn how to report individual Tweets. 

File a report that someone has posted your private information. 

What happens when Twitter receives a valid report? 

When we receive a complete and valid report that private information has been posted on Twitter, we’ll investigate the 

account and Tweets reported. We will review where, if anywhere, the information has been made publicly available 

before taking action on the account or Tweets. If the information you reported was previously posted elsewhere on the 

Internet, it is not a violation of our policy and we will not take action. 

Learn more about protecting your private information on Twitter and other websites. 

Read our policy regarding private information posted on Twitter. 

 

 

 

**Impersonation policy**  

Impersonation is a violation of the Twitter Rules. Twitter accounts that pose as 

another person, brand, or organization in a confusing or deceptive manner may be 

permanently suspended under Twitter’s impersonation policy.  

**What is not an impersonation policy violation?**  

Accounts with similar usernames or that are similar in appearance (e.g., the same 

profile image) are not automatically in violation of the impersonation policy. In order 

to violate our impersonation policy, the account must portray another entity in a 

misleading or deceptive manner.  

An account will not be removed if:  

The user shares your name but has no other commonalities, or  

The profile clearly states it is not affiliated with or connected to any similarly-named 

individuals or brands.  

Twitter users are allowed to create parody, newsfeed, commentary, or fan accounts. 

Please refer to Twitter’s parody, newsfeed, commentary, and fan account policy for 

more information about these types of accounts.  

**When does Twitter review accounts under this policy?**  

We review impersonation claims upon receipt of a valid impersonation report. We do 

not actively monitor users’ content.  

**How do I file an impersonation report?**  

If you are the impersonated party or an authorized representative, you can file an 

impersonation report. If you believe an account is impersonating somebody else, you 

can flag it as a bystander by reporting directly from the account’s profile.  

Please note, submitting a report with incomplete information will delay the processing 

of your report.  

**Can I request a specific username?**  

We generally do not accept individual requests for inactive or suspended usernames.  

**What if my trademark is being misused?**  

Companies and businesses should report accounts misusing their trademarks by 

filing a complaint under our trademark policy. Please review the trademark policy 

page for more information.  

 

 

 

 

Following rules and best practices 

To learn more about following, please read "FAQs about following." 

What are the limits? 

We don’t limit the number of followers you can have. However, we do monitor how aggressively users 

follow other users. We try to make sure that none of our limits restrain reasonable usage, and will not 

affect most Twitter users. 

We monitor all accounts for aggressive following and follow churn (repeatedly following and 

unfollowing large numbers of other users). You can read more about these below, but if you don’t follow 

or unfollow hundreds of users in a single day, and you aren’t using automated methods of following users, 

you should be fine. 

Please note that Twitter does not permit any automated or bulk following or unfollowing 

behavior. Please review our Automation rules and best practices for more information on automating 

your account. 

What is aggressive following? 

Aggressive following is defined as indiscriminately following hundreds of accounts just to garner 

attention. However, following a few users if their accounts seem interesting is normal and is not 

considered aggressive. 

What is aggressive follow churn? 

If you decide to follow someone and then change your mind later, you can just visit the person’s profile 

page and unfollow them. Aggressive follow churn is when an account repeatedly follows and then 

unfollows a large number of users. This may be done to get lots of people to notice them, to circumvent a 

Twitter limit, or to change their follower-to-following ratio. These behaviors negatively impact the 

Twitter experience for other users, are common spam tactics, and may lead to account suspension. 

Are there additional limits if you are following 5000+ accounts? 

The rules about aggressive following and follow churn still apply. In addition, every user can follow 5000 

people total. Once you’ve followed 5000 users, there are limits to the number of additional users you can 

follow: this limit is different for every user and is based on your ratio of followers to following. 

When you hit this limit, we’ll tell you by showing an error message in your browser. You’ll need to wait 

until you have more followers in order to follow more users—for example, you can&apost follow 10,000 

people if only 100 people follow you. When you reach a daily or total limit and we show you an error 

message, you&aposve hit a technical limit imposed to limit egregious behavior by spam accounts and to 

prevent strain on the site. These are just the technical limits for your account; in addition, you are 

prohibited from aggressive following behaviors. These behaviors may result in account suspension, 

regardless of your account&aposs technical ratio. 

Limits improve site performance by ensuring that when we send a person&aposs message to all of their 

followers, the sending of that message is meaningful. Follow limits cannot be lifted by Twitter, and 

everyone is subject to them, including verified and developer accounts. Based on current behavior in the 

Twitter community, we&aposve concluded that this is both fair and reasonable. 

Why does Twitter monitor following behavior at all? Isn’t this a 

social network? 

Twitter works quite differently from social networks: when you accept friend requests on other social 

networks like Facebook, it usually means you appear in that person&aposs network and they appear in yours. 

Following on Twitter is different because following is not mutual. Twitter allows people to opt-in to (or 

opt-out of) receiving a person&aposs updates without requiring a mutual relationship. 

Limits on Twitter alleviate some of the strain on the invisible part of Twitter, which prevents error pages 

and downtime on the visible part. For the sake of reliability, we&aposve placed limits on actions like following, 

API requests per hour, and number of updates per day (see this page for more information on updating 

and API limits). 

Finally, follower violations are one tactic that spammers often use to abuse Twitter. Monitoring for abuse 

is one way to reduce spam on Twitter. 

What are third party applications to “Get More Followers Fast!”? 

You may encounter websites or applications claiming they can help you get lots of followers quickly. 

These programs may ask for payment for followers, or ask you to follow a list of other users in order to 

participate. Using these is not allowed according to the Twitter Rules. 

•  The Twitter Rules addresses the use of these programs by disallowing: using or promoting third-

party sites that claim to get you more followers (such as follower trains, sites promising ‘more 

followers fast,’ or any other site that offers to automatically add followers to your account). 

When you give out your username and password to another site or application, you are giving control of 

your account to someone else. They may then post duplicated, spam, or malicious updates and links, send 

unwanted direct messages, aggressively follow, or violate other Twitter rules with your account. When 

these applications do add followers to your account, they are often abandoned or bot accounts that are 

not reading your updates. If a third-party application causes your account to violate the Twitter Rules, 

your account may be suspended. 

Some third-party applications have been implicated in spam behavior, fraud, the selling of usernames and 

passwords, and phishing. Please do not give your username and password out to any third-party 

application that you have not thoroughly researched. 

Revoke access for any third-party application that you don&apost recognize by visiting the Applications tab in 

Account Settings. 

Are there following limits if I&aposm whitelisted? 

Some API administrators have whitelist status so their applications can function without hitting certain 

system limits. Whitelisting means that an application can have more API requests per hour; it does not 

increase the follow limits. All whitelisted accounts are still subject to follow limits. 

So how am I supposed to get followers? 

Remember, Twitter isn’t a race to get the most followers. If you follow users that you’re interested in and 

post meaningful content, it’s more likely that legitimate users will find you and read your updates. People 

follow other users on Twitter to read updates that are interesting to them. Aggressively following and 

unfollowing accounts is frustrating to other Twitter users and degrades the Twitter experience for 

everyone. 

Additional resources 

Users who viewed this article also found these articles helpful: 

Common following issues 

Rules and best practices 

Automation rules and best practices 

 

**Automation rules**  

*Updated November 3, 2017*  

This page is primarily intended for **developers**.  

**For Twitter users:** You are ultimately responsible for the 

actions taken with your account, or by applications associated 

with your account. Before authorizing a third-party application to 

access or use your account, make sure you&aposve thoroughly 

investigated the application and understand what it will do. If 

automated activity on your account violates the Twitter Rules or 

these automation rules, Twitter may take action on your 

account, including filtering your Tweets from search results or 

suspending your account.  

For more information on third-party applications, please see our 

article on connecting and revoking third-party applications.  

If you are a developer and have questions about these Automation Rules, please 

reach out via https://twittercommunity.com/c/rules-and-policies.  

If your application has been suspended or restricted from performing write actions, 

you may submit an appeal at /forms/platform.  

**I. Ground Rules** **Do!**  

Build solutions that automatically broadcast helpful information in Tweets.  

Run creative campaigns that auto-reply to users who engage with your content.  

Build solutions that automatically respond to users in Direct Messages.  

Try new things that help people (and comply with our rules).  

Make sure your application provides a good user experience and performs well — 

and confirm that remains the case over time.  

**Don’t!**  

Violate these or other policies. Be extra mindful of our rules about abuse and user 

privacy.  

Abuse the Twitter API or attempt to circumvent rate limits.  

Use non-API-based forms of automation, such as scripting the Twitter website. The 

use of these techniques may result in the permanent suspension of your account.  

Spam or bother users, or otherwise send them unsolicited messages.  

**A. The Twitter Rules and the Developer Agreement and Policy**  

As with all activity on Twitter, automated activity is subject to 

the Twitter Rules and, if you’re a developer using the Twitter 

API, the Developer Agreement and Policy.  

You should carefully review these policies to ensure that your 

automated activity is compliant. Automated applications or 

activities that violate these policies, or that facilitate or induce 

users to violate them, may be subject to enforcement action, 

potentially including suspension of associated Twitter accounts. 

We may also rate limit, suspend, or terminate developers’ 

access to the Twitter API based on violations of these policies.  

Although all aspects of the Twitter Rules and the Developer 

Agreement and Policy apply to automated activity, you should 

keep the following rules top of mind:  

**Spamming:** You may not send automated Tweets or Direct 

Messages that are spam, or otherwise engage in spamming 

activity. Some examples of spammy behavior to avoid with 

automation include:  

*Trending topics:* You may not automatically post about trending topics on Twitter, or 

use automation to attempt to influence or manipulate trending topics.  

*Multiple posts/accounts:* You may not post duplicative or substantially similar Tweets 

on one account or over multiple accounts you operate.  

**Duplicate accounts:** You may not create and/or automate 

multiple accounts for duplicative or substantially similar use 

cases.  

However, automating multiple accounts for related but non-duplicative use cases is 

permitted. For example, you may automate separate accounts to Tweet when the 

Hubble Space Telescope passes over different cities, such as San Francisco or 

Hong Kong.  

**Misleading links:** You may not send automated Tweets or 

Direct Messages containing links that are misleading, including 

links that maliciously or deceptively redirect through landing 

pages or ad pages before displaying the final content.  

**Sensitive media:** Automated Tweets and Direct Messages 

must comply with the Twitter media policy, and you should mark 

your account as potentially sensitive if you intend to post 

graphic, pornographic, or potentially sensitive media.  

**Abusive behavior:** You may not engage in any automated 

activity that encourages, promotes, or incites abuse, violence, 

hateful conduct, or harassment, on or off Twitter.  

**Private information:** You may not post private or confidential 

information about a person without their prior express 

authorization.  

**B. Other Ground Rules for Automated Activity**  

In addition to the policies above, the following ground rules 

apply to all automated activity on Twitter:  

**Don’t surprise or mislead users:** Automated activity should honor users’ 

expectations. Ask for the user’s permission before taking an action if you aren’t sure.  

**Mature content or profanity:** Don’t Direct Message, mention, or reply to users with 

potentially sensitive content (including profanity), unless they’ve clearly indicated an 

intent to receive it in advance.  

**Be thoughtful about the information you request or exchange on Twitter**  

Tweets: Don’t ask users to send you personal or private information via a public 

Tweet. If you need additional personal or private information from a user to provide 

them with customer service (or other similar use cases), you should ask the user to 

share such information by Direct Message or another private channel. You might 

even consider adding a Direct Message deep link to your Tweet.  

Direct Messages: You should only ask users for the minimum amount of information 

you need to provide them with service. If you need to request or exchange 

particularly sensitive information (such as credit card information), you should 

consider directing users to your website or other appropriate channel to do so.  

**II. Activity-Specific Rules**  

The activity-specific rules in this section apply to taking specific 

automated actions on Twitter. Please read these rules carefully, 

as they outline both permitted and prohibited use cases of 

automation.  

Automated applications or activities that violate these rules, or 

that facilitate or induce users to violate them, may be subject to 

enforcement action, including suspension of associated Twitter 

accounts. We may also rate limit, suspend, or terminate 

developers’ access the Twitter API based on violations of these 

rules. As a reminder, you should also carefully review the spam 

guidelines in the Twitter Rules to avoid having activities 

performed by you, your app, or other users through your app or 

service flagged as spam.  

**A. Automated Actions Through Another User’s Account**  

Twitter users may authorize your app or service to access their 

Twitter account through OAuth. A user authorizing your app or 

service to access their Twitter account through OAuth does not 

by itself constitute sufficient consent to take automated actions 

through that user’s account.  

You may only take automated actions through another Twitter 

user’s account if you:  

clearly describe to the user the types of automated actions that will occur; receive 

express consent from the user to take those automated actions; and immediately 

honor a user’s request to opt-out of further automated actions.  

If you substantially change the purpose or functionality of your 

app or service, you must re-obtain express consent from the 

user to take automated action through their account before 

doing so.  

These requirements apply to any automated action taken 

through another Twitter user’s account, including posting 

Tweets, sending Direct Messages, deleting Tweets or Direct 

Messages, or following/unfollowing other accounts. For 

applications that offer users the ability to delete Tweets in a 

bulk or automated manner, you must also clearly state that 

Tweets are not recoverable once deleted.  

**B. Automated Tweets**  

1. Posting automated Tweets  

**Automated Tweets that cross-post outside information:** 

You may post automated Tweets based on sources of outside 

information — such as an RSS feed, weather data, etc. — as 

long as you are sufficiently authorized to publish such 

information.  

**Other automated Tweets (excluding mentions or replies):** 

Provided you comply with all other rules, you may post 

automated Tweets for entertainment, informational, or novelty 

purposes. As a reminder, accounts posting duplicative, 

spammy, or otherwise prohibited content may be subject to 

suspension.  

2. Posting automated mentions and replies  

The reply and mention functions are intended to make 

communication between Twitter users easier. Automating these 

actions to reach many users on an unsolicited basis is an abuse 

of the feature, and is not permitted. For example, sending 

automated replies to Tweets based on keyword searches alone 

is not permitted. Spammy or duplicative use of mentions and 

replies may result in enforcement action, such as the removal of 

your Tweets from Search or the suspension of your app or 

account.  

However, you may send automated replies or mentions to 

Twitter users so long as:  

in advance of sending the automated reply, the recipient or mentioned user(s) have 

requested or have clearly indicated an intent on Twitter to be contacted by you (i.e. 

opted in), for example by replying to a Tweet from your account, or by sending you a 

Direct Message;  

you provide a clear and easy way for such users to opt-out of receiving automated 

replies and mentions, and promptly honor all such opt-out requests;  

you only send one automated reply or mention per user interaction; and  

the automated reply or mention is a reply to the user’s original Tweet (if your 

campaign is based on users posting a reply to your Tweet).  

Opt-in techniques and indications of user intent take many 

different forms, depending on the specifics of your use case 

and implementation. Some examples include:  

A Tweet from your account that clearly indicates that a user taking a specific action 

on that Tweet (such as Retweeting it) will opt the user into receiving an automated 

response.  

A mention of your account by the user in a manner suggesting the user clearly 

wishes or intends to receive a response. If you want to run an auto-reply campaign 

with a campaign- or use-case-specific hashtag, users should also mention you in 

their Tweets.  

Note that a user following your account is not on its own a 

sufficient indication of user intent to receive an automated 

response.  

Note: **Advertisers, publishers, and brands using auto-**

**response campaigns must request approval from Twitter** 

**and may be subject to additional rules.** Please reach out to 

your account or partner manager for assistance. If you do not 

have a partner manager but are interested in managed client 

services, you can learn more here.  

Additionally, we recommend that any accounts that will 

communicate with  

users via automated mentions or replies:  

Note 

1. Appropriately filter responses based on potentially sensitive language in user 

handles,  

display names, and Tweet text, as well as potentially sensitive media;  

2. Check that the Tweet you are mentioning or replying to still exists (for example, 

using the statuses/lookup endpoint on the Twitter API).  

**C. Automated Direct Messages** 

**Sending automated Direct Messages to users**  

You may not send unsolicited Direct Messages in a bulk or 

automated manner, and should be thoughtful about the 

frequency with which you contact users via Direct Message.  

You may send automated Direct Messages to users so long as:  

in advance of sending the Direct Message, the recipient(s) have requested or have 

clearly indicated an intent on Twitter to be contacted by you via Direct Message, for 

example by sending you a Direct Message; **and**  

you provide a clear and easy way for such users to opt-out of receiving automated 

Direct Messages, and promptly honor all such opt-out requests.  

The fact that a user is technically able to receive a Direct 

Message from you (e.g. because the user follows you, has 

enabled the ability to receive Direct Messages from any 

account, or because the user is in a pre-existing Direct 

Message conversation with you) does not necessarily mean 

they have requested or expect to receive automated Direct 

Messages from you.  

**Interacting with users via Direct Message**  

Per the Ground Rules, remember to be thoughtful about the 

amount and type of information you request or exchange with 

users via Direct Messages. If you will be asking a user to 

provide personal or private information via an automated Direct 

Message, you must clearly explain how you will use the 

information you’re collecting. Consider including a link to your 

privacy policy in your Direct Message to the user, as well as in 

your Twitter profile bio.  

Don’t publicly share information received in a Direct Message 

conversation with a user without first obtaining explicit consent 

from the user. For example, if a user asks you via Direct 

Message about a purchase they made from you, you may not 

mention the user in a public Tweet that includes information 

about their purchase unless you have the user’s explicit 

consent to do so.  

After a user-initiated interaction ends, don’t send additional 

follow-up Direct Messages or mention users in a Tweet unless 

you get permission from the user.  

**D. Automated actions you take on Tweets or accounts** 

**Automated likes:** You may not like Tweets in an automated 

manner.  

**Automated Retweets:** Provided you comply with all other 

rules, you may Retweet or Quote Tweet in an automated 

manner for entertainment, informational, or novelty purposes. 

Automated Retweets often lead to negative user experiences, 

and bulk, aggressive, or spammy Retweeting is a violation of 

the Twitter Rules.  

**Automated following/unfollowing:** You may not follow or 

unfollow Twitter accounts in a bulk, aggressive, or 

indiscriminate manner. Aggressive following is a violation of the 

Twitter Rules. Please also review our following rules and best 

practices to ensure you are in compliance. Note that 

applications that claim to get users more followers are also 

prohibited under the Twitter Rules.  

**Automated adding to lists or collections:** You may not add 

Twitter users to lists or add Tweets to collections in a bulk or 

indiscriminate manner. Adding a large number of unrelated 

users to lists is a violation of the Twitter Rules.  

 

 

About search rules and restrictions 

This article details the rules for using Twitter search, and explains reasons why content may not show up in Twitter 

search. 

Why doesn&apost all content show up in Twitter search? 

In order to keep your search results relevant, Twitter filters search results for quality Tweets and accounts. Material that 

jeopardizes search quality or creates a bad search experience for other people may be automatically removed from 

Twitter search. Read more about this here. 

General rules for using Twitter search 

The Twitter Rules explain what behaviors are permitted on Twitter. In addition to these rules, we&aposve included some tips 

below to keep your content relevant (and your Tweets in Twitter search). 

Please do not: 

• 

Repeatedly post duplicate or near-duplicate content (links or Tweets). 

• 

Abuse trending topics or hashtags (topic words with a # sign). 

• 

Send automated Tweets or replies. 

• 

Use bots or applications to post similar messages based on keywords. 

• 

Post similar messages over multiple accounts. 

• 

Aggressively follow and unfollow people. 

Twitter may automatically remove accounts engaging in these behaviors from search (or even suspend in some cases) in 

order to ensure the best experience for everyone. 

Search results filtering 

To learn how to filter your search results, including how to disable or enable safe search, read our Using Twitter 

search article. 

Search results filtering in third-party applications 

Accounts may be filtered from search for posting similar messages over several accounts. Your account may be filtered 

from search if you are logged into a third-party application that is updating many accounts with similar or duplicate 

content. 

Rules for participating in contests on Twitter 

Businesses sometimes host contests and offer prizes to Retweet an update, following a particular account, or posting 

Tweets with a specific hashtag topic or reply. If you’re running a contest, check out this article for guidelines for 

contests on Twitter. 

If you repeatedly post near-duplicate updates or duplicate links in order to enter contests, you may be filtered from 

search. Please keep in mind that you are responsible for the updates that you post to your Twitter account. 

What to do if you are missing from search 

Please see this article for more information related to this issue. 

If you are being filtered from search, rest assured that your followers will still receive your updates. If you post a reply 

or mention to a specific person, it will be delivered to that person. 

Having trouble? 

You can learn more about searching by keyword, location, and trending topics in our Using Twitter search help article. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

