[YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Reporting and enforcement](/youtube/topic/2803138?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Privacy and safety center](/youtube/topic/2803240?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)[Copyright and rights management](/youtube/topic/2676339?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248,3230811,3256124,)
    

*   [YouTube policies](/youtube/topic/2803176?hl=en&ref_topic=6151248)
*   [Impersonation policy](/youtube/answer/2801947)

Impersonation policy
====================

The safety of our creators, viewers, and partners is our highest priority. We look to each of you to help us protect this unique and vibrant community. It’s important you understand our Community Guidelines, and the role they play in our shared responsibility to keep YouTube safe. **T****ake the time to carefully read the policy below**. You can also check out [this page](/youtube/answer/9288567) for a full list of our guidelines.

Content intended to impersonate a person or channel is not allowed on YouTube. YouTube also enforces trademark holder rights. When a channel, or content in the channel, causes confusion about the source of goods and services advertised, it may not be allowed.

If you see content that violates this policy, [please report it](/youtube/answer/2802027).

*   If you feel that yours or another creator's channel is being impersonated, you can report the channel by following the instructions [here](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027#report_channel).

What these policies mean for you
--------------------------------

#### If you're posting content

Don’t post content on YouTube if it fits any of the descriptions noted below. 

*   **Channel impersonation:** A channel that copies another channel's profile, background, or overall look and feel in such a way that makes it look like someone else's channel. The channel does not have to be 100% identical, as long as the intent is clear to copy the other channel.
*   **Personal impersonation:** Content intended to look like someone else is posting it.

Examples
--------

Here are some examples of content that’s not allowed on YouTube.

*   Channels with the same name and image as another channel, with the only difference being a space inserted into the name or a zero replacing the letter O.
*   Using someone else's real name, user name, image, brand, logo, or other personal information to trick people into believing you are that person. 
*   Exactly matching a channel description to another channel.
*   Setting up a channel using the name and image of a person, and then pretending that person is posting content to the channel.
*   Setting up a channel using the name and image of a person, and then posting comments on other channels as if they were posted by the person.
*   Channels claiming to be a “fan account,” but actually posing as another’s channel and reuploading their content.
*   Channels impersonating an existing news channel.

Please remember these are just some examples, and don't post content if you think it might violate this policy.

What happens if content violates this policy
--------------------------------------------

If your content violates this policy, we’ll remove the content and send you an email to let you know. If this is your first time violating our Community Guidelines, you’ll likely get a warning with no penalty to your channel. If it’s not, we may issue a strike against your channel. If you get 3 strikes within 90 days, your channel will be terminated. You can learn more about [our strikes system here](/youtube/answer/2802032).

We may terminate your channel or account for repeated violations of the Community Guidelines or Terms of Service. We may also terminate your channel or account after a single case of severe abuse, or when the channel is dedicated to a policy violation. You can learn more about [channel or account terminations here](/youtube/answer/2802168).

Was this helpful?