**Community Guidelines**

**The Short:**

1. Post your own photos.

2. Keep your clothes on.

3. Be respectful.

4. Don’t spam.

5. HAVE FUN!

**The Long:**

The detailed Community Guidelines below have been created in order to help you understand the best practices as a

member of the Instagram community. By utilizing Instagram you are also subject to our Terms of Use.

**What to do:**

1. **DO SHARE PHOTOS THAT YOU’VE TAKEN.**

Instagram is a great way to share your life through photos, but we have to ask that you don’t share photos of someone

else’s life. Since users own the rights to all photos they have uploaded using our service, we ask that you respect their

copyright ownership. If you want to express your excitement over a beautiful photo, it’s best to double tap on the image

to like it!

2. **DO SHARE PHOTOS THAT ARE SAFE FOR PEOPLE OF ALL AGES.**

Remember that our community is a diverse one, and that your photos are visible to people as young as 13 years old.

While we respect the artistic integrity of photos, we have to keep our product and the photos within it in line with our

App Store’s rating for nudity and mature content. In other words, please do not post nudity or mature content of any

kind.

3. **DO TREAT OTHERS AS YOU WOULD LIKE TO BE TREATED.**

People from around the world with diﬀerent backgrounds come together to share images on Instagram, which is great,

but it also means that not everyone will agree with what you think or believe. We ask that all users be polite and

respectful in their interactions with other members.

4. **DO HAVE MEANINGFUL & GENUINE INTERACTIONS.**

Self-promotion or commercial solicitation of any kind, in any form, is rarely well-received. Users often notice when you

have posted the same comment elsewhere or have followed a large number of users to gain followers in return, so

please be sincere with your exchanges on Instagram.

5. **DO HAVE FUN!**

Instagram is the best way to quickly share beautiful photographs of your life with others, and see the world through

others’ eyes. It’s photo sharing reinvented, so have fun!

**What not to do:**

**It is important to note that overstepping the boundaries outlined below may result in a****disabled account****, or**

**discontinued access to Instagram, without warning.**

1. **DON’T SHARE PHOTOS THAT AREN’T YOURS.**

This includes other people’s photos, and/or things that you have copied or collected from the Internet. Accounts that

solely consist of only this type of content may be disabled at any time.

2. **DON’T SHARE PHOTOS THAT SHOW NUDITY OR MATURE CONTENT.**

If you wouldn’t show the photo you are thinking about uploading to a child, or your boss, or your parents, you probably

shouldn’t share it on Instagram. The same rule applies to your proﬁle photo. Accounts found sharing nudity or mature

content will be disabled and your access to Instagram may be discontinued.

3. **DON’T SHARE PHOTOS OF ILLEGAL CONTENT.**

If we ﬁnd you sharing prohibited or illegal content, your account will be disabled and we will take appropriate action,

which may include reporting you to the authorities.

4. **DON’T SPAM.**

Instagram is a place where people can share beautiful photos of their lives, and when you engage in self-promotional

behavior of any kind on Instagram it makes users who have shared that moment with you feel sad inside. This guideline

includes repetitive comments, as well as service manipulation in order to self-promote, and extends to commercial spam

comments, such as discount codes or URLs to websites. We ask that you keep your interactions on Instagram

meaningful and genuine, and note that we are working on reducing comment spam.

5. **DON’T BE RUDE.**

Instagram is a friendly place where everyone should feel safe and comfortable sharing their lives through photographs. It

is not an appropriate place to abuse, attack, harass, or impersonate others. If we receive valid complaints about your

conduct, we’ll send a warning or disable your account. Alternatively, we’d recommend users block all meanies & trolls to

prevent further issues.

6. **DON&aposT PROMOTE OR GLORIFY SELF-HARM.**

While Instagram is a place where people can share their lives with others through photographs, any account found

encouraging or urging users to embrace anorexia, bulimia, or other eating disorders; or to cut, harm themselves, or

commit suicide will result in a disabled account without warning. We believe that communication regarding these

behaviors in order to create awareness, come together for support and to facilitate recovery is important, but that

Instagram is not the place for active promotion or gloriﬁcation of self-harm.

**Additional things to remember**

1. Instagram is a diverse community, and it is likely that you will come across things that oﬀend you. If you are oﬀended by

a photo that may not violate any of the above guidelines, we’d suggest you navigate away from the account, or even use

our blocking feature. If you are unsure about the content, you can report it utilizing our built-in reporting functionality in

order to bring it to the Instagram Team’s attention.

2. If you think that there is immediate cause for concern, you can send a report to the Instagram Team from our Help

Center by selecting “Privacy” in the drop down menu. Please provide all necessary information for us to quickly respond

to an issue that urgently needs our attention, this includes image descriptions & dates, URLs, and valid usernames.

3. If you ﬁnd that one of your images has been uploaded to another user’s proﬁle, try not to panic. It is likely a

misunderstanding and not ill-intended. A good ﬁrst step is to comment on the image & politely ask that they take the

content down. If that doesn’t work, please ﬂag the image for review by choosing “Copyright,” or ﬁle a Notice of

Infringement with the Instagram Copyright Agent here.

4. You might ﬁnd yourself wanting to post a screenshot of the oﬀending account to your photo-stream in order to draw

attention to the situation or user, but that’s often not the best way to go about resolving the issue. We do not encourage

singling out the user, as it may be classiﬁed as harassment, which violates our guidelines.

5. If you believe you will have trouble following these guidelines we’d suggest ﬁnding an alternative photo sharing service,

as Instagram may not be the best place for you. We value these guidelines, and believe that they will help keep

Instagram a safe & fun place for everyone.

If you need further information, you can check out our Support Center and Terms of Use. If you have any questions or

feedback, you can send us a message by ﬁling a ticket.

**The Instagram Team**

