**Community Guidelines**

The Short

1. Post your own photos and videos.

2. Keep your clothes on.

3. Be respectful.

4. Don’t spam.

5. HAVE FUN!

The Long

The detailed Community Guidelines below have been created in order to help you understand the best practices as a member

of the Instagram community. By utilizing Instagram you are also subject to our Terms of Use.

What to do:

1. **Do share photos and videos that you’ve taken.**

Instagram is a great way to share your life through photos and videos, but we have to ask that you don’t share

photos or videos of someone else’s life. Since people own the rights to all photos or videos they have uploaded

using our service, we ask that you respect their copyright ownership. If you want to express your excitement over a

beautiful photo or video, it’s best to double tap on the post to like it!

2. **Do share photos and videos that are safe for people of all ages.**

Remember that our community is a diverse one, and that your posts are visible to people as young as 13 years old.

While we respect the artistic integrity of photos and videos, we have to keep our product and the content within it in

line with our App Store’s rating for nudity and mature content. In other words, please do not post nudity or mature

content of any kind.

3. **Do treat others as you would like to be treated.**

People from around the world with different backgrounds come together to share moments on Instagram, which is

great, but it also means that not everyone will agree with what you think or believe. We ask that everyone be polite

and respectful in their interactions with other members.

4. **Do have meaningful & genuine interactions.**

Self-promotion or commercial solicitation of any kind, in any form, is rarely well-received. People often notice when

you have posted the same comment elsewhere or have followed a large number of accounts to gain followers in

return, so please be sincere with your exchanges on Instagram.

5. **Do have fun!**

Instagram is the best way to quickly share beautiful photographs and videos of your life with others, and see the

world through others’ eyes.

What not to do:

It is important to note that overstepping the boundaries outlined below may result in a disabled account, or discontinued

access to Instagram, without warning.

1. **Don’t share photos or videos that aren’t yours.**

This includes other people’s posts, and/or things that you have copied or collected from the Internet. Accounts that

solely consist of only this type of content may be disabled at any time.

2. **Don’t share photos or videos that show nudity or mature content.**

If you wouldn’t show the photo or video you are thinking about uploading to a child, or your boss, or your parents,

you probably shouldn’t share it on Instagram. The same rule applies to your profile photo. Accounts found sharing

nudity or mature content will be disabled and your access to Instagram may be discontinued. While we know that

families use Instagram to capture and share photos of their children, we may remove images that show nude or

partially nude children for safety reasons. Even when these images are uploaded with the best of intentions, this

content could be re-shared and used by other people in unanticipated and inappropriate ways. You can learn more

on our Tips for Parents page.

3. **Don’t share photos or videos of illegal content.**

If you are reported for sharing prohibited or illegal content, including photographs or videos of extreme violence or

gore, your account may be disabled and we will take appropriate action, which may include reporting you to the

authorities. Additionally, it is neither possible nor permitted to complete transactions involving regulated goods on

our platform. If your photos or videos are promoting the sale of regulated goods or services, including firearms,

alcohol, tobacco, prescription drugs, or adult products, we expect you to make sure you’re following the law and to

encourage others to do the same.

4. **Don’t spam.**

Instagram is a place where people can share beautiful moments from their lives, and when you engage in self-

promotional behavior of any kind on Instagram it makes people who have shared that moment with you feel sad

inside. This guideline includes repetitive comments, as well as service manipulation in order to self-promote, and

extends to commercial spam comments, such as discount codes or URLs to websites. We ask that you keep your

interactions on Instagram meaningful and genuine.

5. **Don’t be rude.**

Instagram is a friendly place where everyone should feel safe and comfortable sharing their lives through photos

and videos. It is not an appropriate place to abuse, attack, harass, or impersonate others. If we receive valid

complaints about your conduct, we’ll send a warning or disable your account. Alternatively, we’d recommend

people block all meanies & trolls to prevent further issues.

6. **Don&apost promote or glorify self-harm.**

While Instagram is a place where people can share their lives with others through photographs and videos, any

account found encouraging or urging users to embrace anorexia, bulimia, or other eating disorders; or to cut, harm

themselves, or commit suicide will result in a disabled account without warning. We believe that communication

regarding these behaviors in order to create awareness, come together for support and to facilitate recovery is

important, but that Instagram is not the place for active promotion or glorification of self-harm.

Additional things to remember

Instagram is a diverse community, and it is likely that you will come across things that offend you. If you are

offended by a photo or video that may not violate any of the above guidelines, we’d suggest you navigate away

from the account, or even use our blocking feature. If you are unsure about the content, you can report it utilizing

our built-in reporting functionality in order to bring it to the Instagram Team’s attention.

If you find that one of your posts has been uploaded to another person’s profile, try not to panic. It is likely a

misunderstanding and not ill-intended. A good first step is to comment on the post & politely ask that they take the

content down. If that doesn’t work, please file a DMCA report so that we may investigate.

You might find yourself wanting to post a screenshot of the offending account to your photo-stream in order to draw

attention to the situation or person, but that’s often not the best way to go about resolving the issue. We do not

encourage singling out the person, as it may be classified as harassment, which violates our guidelines.

If you think that there is immediate cause for concern, you can send a report to the Instagram Team. Please

provide all necessary information for us to quickly respond to an issue that urgently needs our attention, this

includes image or video descriptions & dates, URLs, and valid usernames.

If you believe you will have trouble following these guidelines we’d suggest finding an alternative photo sharing service, as

Instagram may not be the best place for you. We value these guidelines, and believe that they will help keep Instagram a safe

& fun place for everyone.

If you need further information, you can check out our Support Center and Terms of Use.

The Instagram Team

